305: Fast Algorithms for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
258: Mining Association Rules between Sets of Items in Large Databases.
210: The R*-Tree: An Efficient and Robust Access Method for Points and Rectangles.
161: Text Categorization with Suport Vector Machines: Learning with Many Relevant Features.
146: A Language Modeling Approach to Information Retrieval.
126: BIRCH: An Efficient Data Clustering Method for Very Large Databases.
114: Conditional Random Fields: Probabilistic Models for Segmenting and Labeling Sequence Data.
112: A Comparative Study on Feature Selection in Text Categorization.
108: The R+-Tree: A Dynamic Index for Multi-Dimensional Objects.
106: Mining Sequential Patterns.
104: Implementing Data Cubes Efficiently.
101: Optimizing search engines using clickthrough data.
99: A Re-Examination of Text Categorization Methods.
96: A Study of Smoothing Methods for Language Models Applied to Ad Hoc Information Retrieval.
89: Automatic Subspace Clustering of High Dimensional Data for Data Mining Applications.
89: Models and Issues in Data Stream Systems.
84: DataGuides: Enabling Query Formulation and Optimization in Semistructured Databases.
84: Relevance-Based Language Models.
81: Data Cube: A Relational Aggregation Operator Generalizing Group-By, Cross-Tab, and Sub-Total.
81: Online Aggregation.
80: Query Expansion Using Local and Global Document Analysis.
80: Normalized Cuts and Image Segmentation.
79: NiagaraCQ: A Scalable Continuous Query System for Internet Databases.
77: Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing.
76: Improved Histograms for Selectivity Estimation of Range Predicates.
74: Optimal Aggregation Algorithms for Middleware.
74: Querying Heterogeneous Information Sources Using Source Descriptions
74: Transductive Inference for Text Classification using Support Vector Machines.
73: Mining Frequent Patterns without Candidate Generation.
72: Nearest Neighbor Queries.
70: Document Language Models, Query Models, and Risk Minimization for Information Retrieval.
69: Implementation Techniques for Main Memory Database Systems.
69: Implementation of Integrity Constraints and Views by Query Modification.
69: Topic-sensitive PageRank.
66: Data Integration: A Theoretical Perspective.
65: Mining Quantitative Association Rules in Large Relational Tables.
64: A Quantitative Analysis and Performance Study for Similarity-Search Methods in High-Dimensional Spaces.
64: Some Simple Effective Approximations to the 2-Poisson Model for Probabilistic Weighted Retrieval.
63: Improved Algorithms for Topic Distillation in a Hyperlinked Environment.
63: Inductive Learning Algorithms and Representations for Text Categorization.
63: The K-D-B-Tree: A Search Structure For Large Multidimensional Dynamic Indexes.
62: Holistic twig joins: optimal XML pattern matching.
62: IR evaluation methods for retrieving highly relevant documents.
61: Scatter/Gather: A Cluster-based Approach to Browsing Large Document Collections.
61: Privacy-Preserving Data Mining.
60: On Supporting Containment Queries in Relational Database Management Systems.
60: Learning to rank using gradient descent.
60: An Effective Hash Based Algorithm for Mining Association Rules.
60: Searching Distributed Collections with Inference Networks.
59: Pivoted Document Length Normalization.
58: On the Computation of Multidimensional Aggregates.
58: Efficiently Updating Materialized Views.
57: Dynamic Itemset Counting and Implication Rules for Market Basket Data.
57: Fast Similarity Search in the Presence of Noise, Scaling, and Translation in Time-Series Databases.
57: An Efficient Algorithm for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
56: Relational Databases for Querying XML Documents: Limitations and Opportunities.
55: Enhanced Hypertext Categorization Using Hyperlinks.
55: Indexing and Querying XML Data for Regular Path Expressions.
54: Efficiently Mining Long Patterns from Databases.
54: Beyond Market Baskets: Generalizing Association Rules to Correlations.
53: Optimizing Queries with Materialized Views.
52: Accurate Estimation of the Number of Tuples Satisfying a Condition.
52: M-tree: An Efficient Access Method for Similarity Search in Metric Spaces.
51: A Query Language and Optimization Techniques for Unstructured Data.
51: Continuously adaptive continuous queries over streams.
51: The Design of Postgres.
50: Information Retrieval as Statistical Translation.
50: Maintaining Views Incrementally.
50: Sampling Large Databases for Association Rules.
49: Selectivity Estimation Without the Attribute Value Independence Assumption.
49: XRANK: Ranked Keyword Search over XML Documents.
49: Object Exchange Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
48: Hierarchically Classifying Documents Using Very Few Words.
48: Rank aggregation methods for the Web.
48: Efficient Processing of Spatial Joins Using R-Trees.
48: Finding Interesting Rules from Large Sets of Discovered Association Rules.
48: Reexamining the Cluster Hypothesis: Scatter/Gather on Retrieval Results.
47: Reconciling Schemas of Disparate Data Sources: A Machine-Learning Approach.
47: Exploratory Mining and Pruning Optimizations of Constrained Association Rules.
46: Complexity of Answering Queries Using Materialized Views.
46: Retrieval evaluation with incomplete information.
46: Discovery of Multiple-Level Association Rules from Large Databases.
46: Wavelet-Based Histograms for Selectivity Estimation.
46: Shoring Up Persistent Applications.
45: The Merge/Purge Problem for Large Databases.
45: Evaluating evaluation measure stability.
44: Accurately interpreting clickthrough data as implicit feedback.
44: Improved Query Performance with Variant Indexes.
44: The Volcano Optimizer Generator: Extensibility and Efficient Search.
44: Surfing Wavelets on Streams: One-Pass Summaries for Approximate Aggregate Queries.
44: A Sequential Algorithm for Training Text Classifiers.
44: Efficient Filtering of XML Documents for Selective Dissemination of Information.
43: Fast Incremental Maintenance of Approximate Histograms.
43: Optimal Histograms with Quality Guarantees.
43: Predicate Migration: Optimizing Queries with Expensive Predicates.
43: The Use of MMR, Diversity-Based Reranking for Reordering Documents and Producing Summaries.
43: Index Selection for OLAP.
43: Mining Sequential Patterns: Generalizations and Performance Improvements.
43: Approximate Computation of Multidimensional Aggregates of Sparse Data Using Wavelets.
43: Agglomerative clustering of a search engine query log.
42: Optimizing Queries Across Diverse Data Sources.
42: Sampling-Based Estimation of the Number of Distinct Values of an Attribute.
42: An Algorithmic Framework for Performing Collaborative Filtering.
42: Model-based Feedback in the Language Modeling Approach to Information Retrieval.
42: New Sampling-Based Summary Statistics for Improving Approximate Query Answers.
41: Similarity Search in High Dimensions via Hashing.
41: Aggregate-Query Processing in Data Warehousing Environments.
41: Eddies: Continuously Adaptive Query Processing
41: Extensible/Rule Based Query Rewrite Optimization in Starburst.
41: Spatial Query Processing in an Object-Oriented Database System.
40: Storing and querying ordered XML using a relational database system.
40: Training Algorithms for Linear Text Classifiers.
40: How Reliable Are the Results of Large-Scale Information Retrieval Experiments?
40: Bottom-Up Computation of Sparse and Iceberg CUBEs.
40: View Maintenance in a Warehousing Environment.
39: Item-based collaborative filtering recommendation algorithms.
39: Automated Selection of Materialized Views and Indexes in SQL Databases.
39: Practical Selectivity Estimation through Adaptive Sampling.
39: A Study of Retrospective and On-Line Event Detection.
39: An Array-Based Algorithm for Simultaneous Multidimensional Aggregates.
38: FastMap: A Fast Algorithm for Indexing, Data-Mining and Visualization of Traditional and Multimedia Datasets.
38: gSpan: Graph-Based Substructure Pattern Mining.
38: On Rules, Procedures, Caching and Views in Data Base Systems.
38: Balancing Histogram Optimality and Practicality for Query Result Size Estimation.
38: Space-Efficient Online Computation of Quantile Summaries.
38: Similarity Indexing with the SS-tree.
37: Co-clustering documents and words using bipartite spectral graph partitioning.
37: On the Power of Magic.
37: The EXODUS Optimizer Generator.
37: An Adaptive Query Execution System for Data Integration.
37: Predicting query performance.
37: Gigascope: A Stream Database for Network Applications.
37: A Hidden Markov Model Information Retrieval System.
37: Query Expansion Using Lexical-Semantic Relations.
37: OHSUMED: An Interactive Retrieval Evaluation and New Large Test Collection for Research.
36: Ripple Joins for Online Aggregation.
36: Mining the peanut gallery: opinion extraction and semantic classification of product reviews.
36: Of Nests and Trees: A Unified Approach to Processing Queries That Contain Nested Subqueries, Aggregates, and Quantifiers.
36: A Trainable Document Summarizer.
36: Join Synopses for Approximate Query Answering.
36: Constrained K-means Clustering with Background Knowledge.
36: A Cost Model For Nearest Neighbor Search in High-Dimensional Data Space.
36: OPTICS: Ordering Points To Identify the Clustering Structure.
36: Language Models for Information Retrieval.
36: Scaling personalized web search.
36: Information-theoretic co-clustering.
35: The Skyline Operator.
35: A Probabilistic Analysis of the Rocchio Algorithm with TFIDF for Text Categorization.
35: Concept Based Query Expansion.
35: Frequent Subgraph Discovery.
35: The SR-tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Nearest Neighbor Queries.
35: RoadRunner: Towards Automatic Data Extraction from Large Web Sites.
35: Hierarchical classification of Web content.
35: Web Document Clustering: A Feasibility Demonstration.
35: Mining time-changing data streams.
35: Generalized Search Trees for Database Systems.
35: Integration of Heterogeneous Databases Without Common Domains Using Queries Based on Textual Similarity.
35: Indexing the Positions of Continuously Moving Objects.
35: Using Statistical Testing in the Evaluation of Retrieval Experiments.
35: Maximum Entropy Markov Models for Information Extraction and Segmentation.
35: Keyword Searching and Browsing in Databases using BANKS.
35: An Efficient Boosting Algorithm for Combining Preferences.
34: Generic Schema Matching with Cupid.
34: Mining high-speed data streams.
34: Improving web search ranking by incorporating user behavior information.
34: On Random Sampling over Joins.
34: Including Group-By in Query Optimization.
34: Robust and Efficient Fuzzy Match for Online Data Cleaning.
34: Fast Algorithms for Projected Clustering.
34: Mining the Most Interesting Rules.
33: Locally Adaptive Dimensionality Reduction for Indexing Large Time Series Databases.
33: Passage-Level Evidence in Document Retrieval.
33: Benchmarking Database Systems A Systematic Approach.
33: Effective Site Finding Using Link Anchor Information.
33: Processing complex aggregate queries over data streams.
33: Relevance Feedback Revisited.
33: Your Mediators Need Data Conversion!
33: Object Identity as a Query Language Primitive.
33: GAMMA - A High Performance Dataflow Database Machine.
33: Partition Based Spatial-Merge Join.
33: SPRINT: A Scalable Parallel Classifier for Data Mining
33: Optimization of Nonrecursive Queries.
33: Computing Iceberg Queries Efficiently.
33: Efficient Mining of Emerging Patterns: Discovering Trends and Differences.
32: On Computing Correlated Aggregates Over Continual Data Streams.
32: Optimization of Inverted Vector Searches.
32: Optimizing Regular Path Expressions Using Graph Schemas.
32: Algorithms for Mining Distance-Based Outliers in Large Datasets.
32: On Packing R-trees.
32: MetaCost: A General Method for Making Classifiers Cost-Sensitive.
32: XIRQL: A Query Language for Information Retrieval in XML Documents.
32: Efficient Mid-Query Re-Optimization of Sub-Optimal Query Execution Plans.
32: On the Design and Quantification of Privacy Preserving Data Mining Algorithms.
32: Answering Queries with Aggregation Using Views.
31: On the Semantics of Updates in Databases.
31: Finding Generalized Projected Clusters In High Dimensional Spaces.
31: Direct Spatial Search on Pictorial Databases Using Packed R-Trees.
31: Statistical Estimators for Relational Algebra Expressions.
31: Schema Mapping as Query Discovery.
31: Querying Object-Oriented Databases.
31: Grammar-like Functional Rules for Representing Query Optimization Alternatives.
31: Storing Semistructured Data with STORED.
31: Data Placement In Bubba.
31: Query Optimization for XML.
31: STHoles: A Multidimensional Workload-Aware Histogram.
31: Extensible Query Processing in Starburst.
31: The Effect of Adding Relevance Information in a Relevance Feedback Environment.
31: Improving Automatic Query Expansion.
31: The Temporal Query Language TQuel.
31: On-Line New Event Detection and Tracking.
31: Semantic Data Caching and Replacement.
31: A Class of Data Structures for Associative Searching.
31: Improving Text Classification by Shrinkage in a Hierarchy of Classes.
30: On the Propagation of Errors in the Size of Join Results.
30: LEO - DB2's LEarning Optimizer.
30: Updating Derived Relations: Detecting Irrelevant and Autonomously Computable Updates.
30: Universality of Serial Histograms.
30: Approximate Medians and other Quantiles in One Pass and with Limited Memory.
30: A Case for Redundant Arrays of Inexpensive Disks (RAID).
30: SLIQ: A Fast Scalable Classifier for Data Mining.
30: Automatic Combination of Multiple Ranked Retrieval Systems.
30: Expert Network: Effective and Efficient Learning from Human Decisions in Text Categorization and Retrieval.
30: Cluster-Based Language Models for Distributed Retrieval.
30: Distributional Clustering of Words for Text Classification.
30: PrefixSpan: Mining Sequential Patterns by Prefix-Projected Growth.
29: Remarks on the Algebra of Non First Normal Form Relations.
29: A Min-max Cut Algorithm for Graph Partitioning and Data Clustering.
29: Personalizing search via automated analysis of interests and activities.
29: Optimization of Nested SQL Queries Revisited.
29: Sequential Sampling Procedures for Query Size Estimation.
29: On Extending the Functions of a Relational Database System.
29: Object and File Management in the EXODUS Extensible Database System.
29: Generalizing GlOSS to Vector-Space Databases and Broker Hierarchies.
29: PREFER: A System for the Efficient Execution of Multi-parametric Ranked Queries.
29: Maximizing the spread of influence through a social network.
29: Efficient Construction of Large Test Collections.
29: Approximate Query Processing Using Wavelets.
28: Proximity Search in Databases.
28: Approaches to Passage Retrieval in Full Text Information Systems.
28: Optimal Multi-Step k-Nearest Neighbor Search.
28: Answering Recursive Queries Using Views.
28: ARIES/IM: An Efficient and High Concurrency Index Management Method Using Write-Ahead Logging.
28: Deriving Production Rules for Incremental View Maintenance.
28: A probabilistic framework for semi-supervised clustering.
28: Approximate String Joins in a Database (Almost) for Free.
28: Boosting and Rocchio Applied to Text Filtering.
28: Fast Nearest Neighbor Search in Medical Image Databases.
28: Inference Networks for Document Retrieval.
28: Efficient Retrieval of Similar Time Sequences Under Time Warping.
28: An Efficient Cost-Driven Index Selection Tool for Microsoft SQL Server.
28: Self-tuning Histograms: Building Histograms Without Looking at Data.
28: Adaptive duplicate detection using learnable string similarity measures.
28: Analyses of Multiple Evidence Combination.
28: Efficiently mining frequent trees in a forest.
27: Random Sampling for Histogram Construction: How much is enough?
27: Optimizing Multi-Feature Queries for Image Databases.
27: Naive (Bayes) at Forty: The Independence Assumption in Information Retrieval.
27: Extracting Structured Data from Web Pages.
27: Learning to cluster web search results.
27: Randomized Algorithms for Optimizing Large Join Queries.
27: Query Caching and Optimization in Distributed Mediator Systems.
27: Deriving Concept Hierarchies from Text.
27: Containment and Equivalence for an XPath Fragment.
27: Limiting privacy breaches in privacy preserving data mining.
27: Data Cube Approximation and Histograms via Wavelets.
27: Web-scale information extraction in knowitall: (preliminary results).
27: LOF: Identifying Density-Based Local Outliers.
27: A General Language Model for Information Retrieval.
27: Interactive deduplication using active learning.
27: Minimization of Tree Pattern Queries.
27: Don't Scrap It, Wrap It! A Wrapper Architecture for Legacy Data Sources.
27: Employing EM and Pool-Based Active Learning for Text Classification.
26: Using Schema Matching to Simplify Heterogeneous Data Translation.
26: Efficiently Publishing Relational Data as XML Documents.
26: Can We Use the Universal Instance Assumption Without Using Nulls?
26: The Pyramid-Technique: Towards Breaking the Curse of Dimensionality.
26: Efficient identification of Web communities.
26: Learning to map between ontologies on the semantic web.
26: Cluster-based retrieval using language models.
26: Static Index Pruning for Information Retrieval Systems.
26: Query Transformation for PSJ-Queries.
26: Information retrieval system evaluation: effort, sensitivity, and reliability.
26: Semantics and Implementation of Schema Evolution in Object-Oriented Databases.
26: Efficient Progressive Skyline Computation.
26: Summarizing Text Documents: Sentence Selection and Evaluation Metrics.
26: Simple BM25 extension to multiple weighted fields.
26: Answering XML Queries on Heterogeneous Data Sources.
26: Covering indexes for branching path queries.
26: The Importance of Prior Probabilities for Entry Page Search.
25: Towards Interactive Query Expansion.
25: A Fast Index for Semistructured Data.
25: Toward Optimal Active Learning through Sampling Estimation of Error Reduction.
25: Minimal probing: supporting expensive predicates for top-k queries.
25: Consistent Query Answers in Inconsistent Databases.
25: Models for Metasearch.
25: Crawling the Hidden Web.
25: Dimensionality Reduction for Similarity Searching in Dynamic Databases.
25: Query chains: learning to rank from implicit feedback.
25: Efficient clustering of high-dimensional data sets with application to reference matching.
25: Distinct Sampling for Highly-Accurate Answers to Distinct Values Queries and Event Reports.
25: Database Architecture Optimized for the New Bottleneck: Memory Access.
25: Corpus structure, language models, and ad hoc information retrieval.
25: Accelerating XPath location steps.
25: The LRU-K Page Replacement Algorithm For Database Disk Buffering.
25: SemTag and seeker: bootstrapping the semantic web via automated semantic annotation.
25: From Structured Documents to Novel Query Facilities.
25: An Interval Classifier for Database Mining Applications.
25: Information diffusion through blogspace.
25: Continuous Queries over Append-Only Databases.
25: DBMSs on a Modern Processor: Where Does Time Go?
25: Random Sampling Techniques for Space Efficient Online Computation of Order Statistics of Large Datasets.
25: Maintenance of Data Cubes and Summary Tables in a Warehouse.
25: Context-sensitive Learning Methods for Text Categorization.
25: Efficient and Extensible Algorithms for Multi Query Optimization.
25: Mining the network value of customers.
25: Histogram-Based Approximation of Set-Valued Query-Answers.
25: On the Semantics of the Relational Data Model.
24: Training linear SVMs in linear time.
24: Similarity-Based Queries for Time Series Data.
24: Generating query substitutions.
24: ULDBs: Databases with Uncertainty and Lineage.
24: Stream Processing of XPath Queries with Predicates.
24: Hashing Methods and Relational Algebra Operations.
24: Materialized Views in Oracle.
24: Searching XML documents via XML fragments.
24: Hilbert R-tree: An Improved R-tree using Fractals.
24: A DBMS Prototype to Support Extended NF2 Relations: An Integrated View on Flat Tables and Hierarchies.
24: On the Complexity of Optimal K-Anonymity.
24: Evaluating Probabilistic Queries over Imprecise Data.
24: The Evolution of the Web and Implications for an Incremental Crawler.
24: Answering Complex SQL Queries Using Automatic Summary Tables.
24: Understanding user goals in web search.
24: Copy Detection Mechanisms for Digital Documents.
24: A Markov random field model for term dependencies.
24: Query Optimization for Parallel Execution.
24: Weaving Relations for Cache Performance.
24: Subtopic Structuring for Full-Length Document Access.
24: Effective Retrieval of Structured Documents.
24: A Complete Axiomatization for Functional and Multivalued Dependencies in Database Relations.
23: Clustering Categorical Data: An Approach Based on Dynamical Systems.
23: Effective Retrieval with Distributed Collections.
23: CloseGraph: mining closed frequent graph patterns.
23: Estimating the Selectivity of XML Path Expressions for Internet Scale Applications.
23: Less is More: Active Learning with Support Vector Machines.
23: Efficient Algorithms for Mining Outliers from Large Data Sets.
23: Statistical Databases: Characteristics, Problems, and some Solutions.
23: Incremental Maintenance of Views with Duplicates.
23: The Use of Phrases and Structured Queries in Information Retrieval.
23: Adaptive Selectivity Estimation Using Query Feedback.
23: Independence is Good: Dependency-Based Histogram Synopses for High-Dimensional Data.
23: Data Privacy through Optimal k-Anonymization.
23: Fast Computation of Sparse Datacubes.
23: Set-Oriented Production Rules in Relational Database Systems.
23: Executing SQL over encrypted data in the database-service-provider model.
23: Focused Crawling Using Context Graphs.
23: Cost Based Query Scrambling for Initial Delays.
23: Eager Aggregation and Lazy Aggregation.
23: Incognito: Efficient Full-Domain K-Anonymity.
23: Supporting Incremental Join Queries on Ranked Inputs.
23: A Retrieval Technique for Similar Shapes.
23: W3QS: A Query System for the World-Wide Web.
23: Document clustering based on non-negative matrix factorization.
23: Discovering evolutionary theme patterns from text: an exploration of temporal text mining.
22: Querying Shapes of Histories.
22: A General Framework for the Optimization of Object-Oriented Queries.
22: Multi-Step Processing of Spatial Joins.
22: A Data Model and Query Language for EXODUS.
22: Materialized Views Selection in a Multidimensional Database.
22: Processing Aggregate Relational Queries with Hard Time Constraints.
22: An Information-Theoretic Definition of Similarity.
22: Rewriting Aggregate Queries Using Views.
22: A Decomposition Storage Model.
22: Queries Independent of Updates.
22: Automatic identification of user goals in Web search.
22: Privacy preserving association rule mining in vertically partitioned data.
22: Two-stage language models for information retrieval.
22: STING: A Statistical Information Grid Approach to Spatial Data Mining.
22: SimRank: a measure of structural-context similarity.
22: Optimization of Dynamic Query Evaluation Plans.
22: Efficiently Supporting Ad Hoc Queries in Large Datasets of Time Sequences.
22: Research Problems in Data Warehousing.
22: Adaptive web search based on user profile constructed without any effort from users.
22: An Optimal and Progressive Algorithm for Skyline Queries.
22: Optimizing Queries Using Materialized Views: A practical, scalable solution.
22: Linear Clustering of Objects with Multiple Atributes.
22: Learning Collection Fusion Strategies.
22: On the Decidability of Query Containment under Constraints.
22: Discriminative models for information retrieval.
22: On Indexing Mobile Objects.
22: Beyond Uniformity and Independence: Analysis of R-trees Using the Concept of Fractal Dimension.
22: Range Queries in OLAP Data Cubes.
22: On An Algebra For Historical Relational Databases: Two Views.
22: A Calculus for Complex Objects.
21: Index Selection in a Self-Adaptive Data Base Management System.
21: Towards an Analysis of Range Query Performance in Spatial Data Structures.
21: XPath Queries on Streaming Data.
21: A Performance Evaluation of Four Parallel Join Algorithms in a Shared-Nothing Multiprocessor Environment.
21: Evaluating and Optimizing Autonomous Text Classification Systems.
21: Tracking Join and Self-Join Sizes in Limited Storage.
21: Fuzzy Queries in Multimedia Database Systems.
21: Learning user interaction models for predicting web search result preferences.
21: Querying XML Views of Relational Data.
21: A Model for the Prediction of R-tree Performance.
21: The impact of database selection on distributed searching.
21: Modeling Score Distributions for Combining the Outputs of Search Engines.
21: Spatial Hash-Joins.
21: Traversal Recursion: A Practical Approach to Supporting Recursive Applications.
21: Fast Time Sequence Indexing for Arbitrary Lp Norms.
21: Client-Server Paradise.
21: Logical Modeling of Temporal Data.
21: Using WordNet to Disambiguate Word Senses for Text Retrieval.
21: Using terminological feedback for web search refinement: a log-based study.
21: A support vector method for multivariate performance measures.
21: Group formation in large social networks: membership, growth, and evolution.
21: Pruning and Summarizing the Discovered Associations.
21: WaveCluster: A Multi-Resolution Clustering Approach for Very Large Spatial Databases.
21: Dynamic multidimensional histograms.
21: Statistical Schema Matching across Web Query Interfaces.
21: Formal models for expert finding in enterprise corpora.
21: Incremental Updates of Inverted Lists for Text Document Retrieval.
20: Data Structures for an Integrated Data Base Management and Information Retrieval System.
20: Bipartite Graph Partitioning and Data Clustering.
20: Approximating Multi-Dimensional Aggregate Range Queries over Real Attributes.
20: Cache Conscious Algorithms for Relational Query Processing.
20: Cache Conscious Indexing for Decision-Support in Main Memory.
20: Representative Objects: Concise Representations of Semistructured, Hierarchial Data.
20: Efficient Computation of Spatial Joins.
20: Towards Estimation Error Guarantees for Distinct Values.
20: Record-Boundary Discovery in Web Documents.
20: Fast Incremental Indexing for Full-Text Information Retrieval.
20: Graphs over time: densification laws, shrinking diameters and possible explanations.
20: Optimization of Relevance Feedback Weights.
20: Probabilistic Models of Indexing and Searching.
20: The Paraphrase Search Assistant: Terminological Feedback for Iterative Information Seeking.
20: C-Store: A Column-oriented DBMS.
20: A Critique of ANSI SQL Isolation Levels.
20: Counting Twig Matches in a Tree.
20: Non First Normal Form Relations to Represent Hierarchical Organized Data.
20: IEPAD: information extraction based on pattern discovery.
20: Template detection via data mining and its applications.
20: The Index-Based XXL Search Engine for Querying XML Data with Relevance Ranking.
20: Maintenance of Discovered Association Rules in Large Databases: An Incremental Updating Technique.
20: Schema mappings, data exchange, and metadata management.
20: Analysis of Object Oriented Spatial Access Methods.
20: The effect of topic set size on retrieval experiment error.
20: Encapsulation of Parallelism in the Volcano Query Processing System.
20: Exploiting statistics on query expressions for optimization.
20: Semistructured Data.
19: Multiagent Reinforcement Learning: Theoretical Framework and an Algorithm.
19: XMILL: An Efficient Compressor for XML Data.
19: A Comparison of Classifiers and Document Representations for the Routing Problem.
19: SchemaSQL - A Language for Interoperability in Relational Multi-Database Systems.
19: Learning block importance models for web pages.
19: Mining data records in Web pages.
19: Feature Selection, Perceptron Learning, and a Usability Case Study for Text Categorization.
19: Efficient Evaluation of XML Middle-ware Queries.
19: Extracting Schema from Semistructured Data.
19: Opinion observer: analyzing and comparing opinions on the Web.
19: Information Filtering Based on User Behaviour Analysis and Best Match Text Retrieval.
19: Constant Interaction-Time Scatter/Gather Browsing of Very Large Document Collections.
19: The Dangers of Replication and a Solution.
19: Complex Query Decorrelation.
19: Seeing the whole in parts: text summarization for web browsing on handheld devices.
19: A Performance Analysis of View Materialization Strategies.
19: MAFIA: A Maximal Frequent Itemset Algorithm for Transactional Databases.
19: Approximate Queries and Representations for Large Data Sequences.
19: ODE (Object Database and Environment): The Language and the Data Model.
19: Estimating the Selectivity of Spatial Queries Using the `Correlation' Fractal Dimension.
19: Learning Collaborative Information Filters.
19: Efficient similarity search and classification via rank aggregation.
19: Classifying News Stories using Memory Based Reasoning.
19: Novelty and redundancy detection in adaptive filtering.
19: Bitmap Index Design and Evaluation.
19: Advanced Query Processing in Object Bases Using Access Support Relations.
19: Mining and summarizing customer reviews.
19: Dynamic Maintenance of Wavelet-Based Histograms.
19: Support Vector Machine Active Learning with Application sto Text Classification.
19: Clustering user queries of a search engine.
19: CLASSIC: A Structural Data Model for Objects.
19: The Design of an Acquisitional Query Processor For Sensor Networks.
19: DB2 Advisor: An Optimizer Smart Enough to Recommend Its Own Indexes.
19: Query Folding.
19: Probabilistic Optimization of Top N Queries.
19: Relative Information Capacity of Simple Relational Database Schemata.
19: Disk Shadowing.
19: ARIES/KVL: A Key-Value Locking Method for Concurrency Control of Multiaction Transactions Operating on B-Tree Indexes.
19: Vector-Space Ranking with Effective Early Termination.
19: Designing DBMS Support for the Temporal Dimension.
19: Identifying Similarities, Periodicities and Bursts for Online Search Queries.
19: Adaptive Filters for Continuous Queries over Distributed Data Streams.
19: Combining Fuzzy Information from Multiple Systems.
19: Passage Retrieval Revisited.
19: Resolving Ambiguity for Cross-Language Retrieval.
19: Diffusion Kernels on Graphs and Other Discrete Input Spaces.
18: Combating Web Spam with TrustRank.
18: An Evaluation of Phrasal and Clustered Representations on a Text Categorization Task.
18: Visual Web Information Extraction with Lixto.
18: Advantages of Query Biased Summaries in Information Retrieval.
18: Local Dimensionality Reduction: A New Approach to Indexing High Dimensional Spaces.
18: Parallel Evaluation of Recursive Rule Queries.
18: Web data extraction based on partial tree alignment.
18: A Study of Three Alternative Workstation-Server Architectures for Object Oriented Database Systems.
18: Access Support in Object Bases.
18: F-Logic: A Higher-Order language for Reasoning about Objects, Inheritance, and Scheme.
18: Generating non-redundant association rules.
18: An Evaluation of Non-Equijoin Algorithms.
18: Breadth-first crawling yields high-quality pages.
18: Language Features for Interoperability of Databases with Schematic Discrepancies.
18: CLOSET+: searching for the best strategies for mining frequent closed itemsets.
18: Topical locality in the Web.
18: Enhanced Topic Distillation Using Text, Markup Tags, and Hyperlinks.
18: Synchronizing a Database to Improve Freshness.
18: A Data Management Extension Architecture.
18: Optimization of Large Join Queries: Combining Heuristic and Combinatorial Techniques.
18: Revealing information while preserving privacy.
18: Document clustering using word clusters via the information bottleneck method.
18: Distributed Top-K Monitoring.
18: Adaptive Precision Setting for Cached Approximate Values.
18: The BANG File: A New Kind of Grid File.
18: Efficient Computation of Iceberg Cubes with Complex Measures.
18: Mining concept-drifting data streams using ensemble classifiers.
18: Declarative Data Cleaning: Language, Model, and Algorithms.
18: Automatic image annotation and retrieval using cross-media relevance models.
18: A statistical method for system evaluation using incomplete judgments.
18: ViST: A Dynamic Index Method for Querying XML Data by Tree Structures.
18: Knowledge Discovery in Databases: An Attribute-Oriented Approach.
18: A Snapshot Differential Refresh Algorithm.
18: Distributed Query Processing in a Relational Data Base System.
18: Evaluation by Highly Relevant Documents.
18: Implementing Set-Oriented Production Rules as an Extension to Starburst.
18: APEX: an adaptive path index for XML data.
18: Scaling question answering to the Web.
18: Ranking the web frontier.
18: A Graphical Query Language Supporting Recursion.
18: RainForest - A Framework for Fast Decision Tree Construction of Large Datasets.
18: Fast and Effective Text Mining Using Linear-Time Document Clustering.
18: The Case against Accuracy Estimation for Comparing Induction Algorithms.
17: Scalable Techniques for Mining Causal Structures.
17: WebOQL: Restructuring Documents, Databases, and Webs.
17: Topic-conditioned novelty detection.
17: Searching the workplace web.
17: A Rule-Based View of Query Optimization.
17: Cost-Sensitive Learning by Cost-Proportionate Example Weighting.
17: Entropy-based Subspace Clustering for Mining Numerical Data.
17: Middle-tier database caching for e-business.
17: The Design of XPRS.
17: A General Language Model for Information Retrieval (poster abstract).
17: Distance-Based Indexing for High-Dimensional Metric Spaces.
17: PageRank without hyperlinks: structural re-ranking using links induced by language models.
17: Automatic web news extraction using tree edit distance.
17: The Magic of Duplicates and Aggregates.
17: Fractals for Secondary Key Retrieval.
17: Combinatorial Pattern Discovery for Scientific Data: Some Preliminary Results.
17: Performing Group-By before Join.
17: An Optimizing Prolog Front-End to a Relational Query System.
17: What's new on the web?: the evolution of the web from a search engine perspective.
17: Finding Similar Time Series.
17: Access Methods for Multiversion Data.
17: Learning to estimate query difficulty: including applications to missing content detection and distributed information retrieval.
17: Query Optimization in the Presence of Foreign Functions.
17: Mondrian Multidimensional K-Anonymity.
17: Incremental Clustering for Mining in a Data Warehousing Environment.
17: Event Detection from Time Series Data.
17: A Comprehensive XQuery to SQL Translation using Dynamic Interval Encoding.
17: Probabilistic author-topic models for information discovery.
17: The Semantic Data Model: A Modelling Mechanism for Data Base Applications.
17: Exploiting Redundancy in Question Answering.
17: Adapting ranking SVM to document retrieval.
17: Beyond independent relevance: methods and evaluation metrics for subtopic retrieval.
17: Stuff I've seen: a system for personal information retrieval and re-use.
17: Graph Indexing: A Frequent Structure-based Approach.
17: GraphLog: a Visual Formalism for Real Life Recursion.
17: Composing Schema Mappings: Second-Order Dependencies to the Rescue.
17: Relevant document distribution estimation method for resource selection.
16: Topics over time: a non-Markov continuous-time model of topical trends.
16: Combining document representations for known-item search.
16: Hourly analysis of a very large topically categorized web query log.
16: Multi-dimensional Selectivity Estimation Using Compressed Histogram Information.
16: Optimization of Large Join Queries.
16: Word Sense Disambiguation and Information Retrieval.
16: A Study of Index Structures for Main Memory Database Management Systems.
16: Annotea: an open RDF infrastructure for shared Web annotations.
16: Querying and Updating the File.
16: Rate-based query optimization for streaming information sources.
16: Updating XML.
16: User performance versus precision measures for simple search tasks.
16: Magic is Relevant.
16: An Online Algorithm for Segmenting Time Series.
16: Maintenance of Views.
16: Keys for XML.
16: Encoded Bitmap Indexing for Data Warehouses.
16: Mining product reputations on the Web.
16: Physical Data Independence, Constraints, and Optimization with Universal Plans
16: Context-sensitive information retrieval using implicit feedback.
16: Querying Multiple Features of Groups in Relational Databases.
16: Congressional Samples for Approximate Answering of Group-By Queries.
16: Disk Striping.
16: Rank-aware Query Optimization.
16: Organizing Long-Running Activities with Triggers and Transactions.
16: Selectivity Estimation using Probabilistic Models.
16: Optimizing Queries over Multimedia Repositories.
16: Automatic generation of overview timelines.
16: Incremental Relevance Feedback for Information Filtering.
16: On the Analysis of Indexing Schemes.
16: CMAR: Accurate and Efficient Classification Based on Multiple Class-Association Rules.
16: Algebraic Support for Complex Objects with Arrays, Identity, and Inheritance.
16: Bidirectional Expansion For Keyword Search on Graph Databases.
16: Clio grows up: from research prototype to industrial tool.
16: XML-Based Information Mediation with MIX.
16: Spatial Joins Using Seeded Trees.
16: Composite Event Specification in Active Databases: Model & Implementation.
16: Finding Topic Words for Hierarchical Summarization.
16: Obtaining calibrated probability estimates from decision trees and naive Bayesian classifiers.
16: Fast Parallel Similarity Search in Multimedia Databases.
16: Unfounded Sets and Well-Founded Semantics for General Logic Programs.
16: Dependence language model for information retrieval.
16: Working Models for Uncertain Data.
16: Spatial Joins Using R-trees: Breadth-First Traversal with Global Optimizations.
16: Optimizing Datalog Programs.
16: Method Combination For Document Filtering.
16: Probabilistic query expansion using query logs.
16: Potter's Wheel: An Interactive Data Cleaning System.
16: A support vector method for optimizing average precision.
16: Integrating constraints and metric learning in semi-supervised clustering.
16: A cross-collection mixture model for comparative text mining.
16: Materialized View Maintenance and Integrity Constraint Checking: Trading Space for Time.
16: Experiences Building the Open OODB Query Optimizer.
16: Noise Strategies for Improving Local Search.
16: Efficient User-Adaptable Similarity Search in Large Multimedia Databases.
16: A Unifying Framework for Version Control in a CAD Environment.
16: Fast Evaluation of Structured Queries for Information Retrieval.
16: Efficient Organization of Large Multidimensional Arrays.
16: Automatic Discovery of Language Models for Text Databases.
16: Data Caching Tradeoffs in Client-Server DBMS Architectures.
15: Selecting the right interestingness measure for association patterns.
15: Query Optimization by Predicate Move-Around.
15: XSEarch: A Semantic Search Engine for XML.
15: Ranking Retrieval Systems without Relevance Judgments.
15: Clustering Association Rules.
15: Random Sampling from B+ Trees.
15: Object Fusion in Mediator Systems.
15: STR: A Simple and Efficient Algorithm for R-Tree Packing.
15: The Theory of Probabilistic Databases.
15: A New SQL-like Operator for Mining Association Rules.
15: Dynamic XML documents with distribution and replication.
15: A probabilistic approach to spatiotemporal theme pattern mining on weblogs.
15: From Instance-level Constraints to Space-Level Constraints: Making the Most of Prior Knowledge in Data Clustering.
15: On Wrapping Query Languages and Efficient XML Integration.
15: Storage Estimation for Multidimensional Aggregates in the Presence of Hierarchies.
15: A Model of Queries for Object-Oriented Databases.
15: Approximate Join Processing Over Data Streams.
15: A flexible learning system for wrapping tables and lists in HTML documents.
15: FAD, a Powerful and Simple Database Language.
15: Efficient Query Evaluation on Probabilistic Databases.
15: Towards the self-annotating web.
15: Practical Skew Handling in Parallel Joins.
15: Single Table Access Using Multiple Indexes: Optimization, Execution, and Concurrency Control Techniques.
15: Simple Random Sampling from Relational Databases.
15: Compression of inverted indexes for fast query evaluation.
15: Discovery-Driven Exploration of OLAP Data Cubes.
15: Cross-lingual relevance models.
15: Efficient Management of Transitive Relationships in Large Data and Knowledge Bases.
15: Estimating average precision with incomplete and imperfect judgments.
15: Left-Deep vs. Bushy Trees: An Analysis of Strategy Spaces and its Implications for Query Optimization.
15: FQL - A Functional Query Language.
15: Data Warehouse Configuration.
15: Content-based retrieval in hybrid peer-to-peer networks.
15: Finding Intensional Knowledge of Distance-Based Outliers.
15: On the Reuse of Past Optimal Queries.
15: A Scalable Algorithm for Answering Queries Using Views.
15: Combining Classifiers in Text Categorization.
15: Regular Path Queries with Constraints.
15: Mapping Data in Peer-to-Peer Systems: Semantics and Algorithmic Issues.
15: Recovery and Coherency-Control Protocols for Fast Intersystem Page Transfer and Fine-Granularity Locking in a Shared Disks Transaction Environment.
15: The Onion Technique: Indexing for Linear Optimization Queries.
15: Mining knowledge-sharing sites for viral marketing.
15: Eliminating noisy information in Web pages for data mining.
15: CORDS: Automatic Discovery of Correlations and Soft Functional Dependencies.
15: SPIRIT: Sequential Pattern Mining with Regular Expression Constraints.
15: The complexity of XPath query evaluation.
15: The link prediction problem for social networks.
15: Finding advertising keywords on web pages.
15: Indexing multi-dimensional time-series with support for multiple distance measures.
15: A New Approach to Database Logic.
15: Caching Multidimensional Queries Using Chunks.
15: Evaluating Top-k Queries over Web-Accessible Databases.
15: Data Independent Recursion in Deductive Databases.
15: Using Taxonomy, Discriminants, and Signatures for Navigating in Text Databases.
15: Algorithms for Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
15: Query Optimization by Simulated Annealing.
15: Display time as implicit feedback: understanding task effects.
15: Reducing the Braking Distance of an SQL Query Engine.
15: Using ODP metadata to personalize search.
15: Estimating Alphanumeric Selectivity in the Presence of Wildcards.
15: DTD Inference for Views of XML Data.
15: On the Computation of the Transitive Closure of Relational Operators.
15: Dynamic Query Evaluation Plans.
15: Learning to Probabilistically Identify Authoritative Documents.
15: An effective approach to document retrieval via utilizing WordNet and recognizing phrases.
15: Question-answering by predictive annotation.
15: Modeling annotated data.
15: System RX: One Part Relational, One Part XML.
15: Modeling and Querying Moving Objects.
15: Query Rewriting for Semistructured Data.
15: Learning from Labeled and Unlabeled Data using Graph Mincuts.
15: Automatic Segmentation of Text into Structured Records.
15: To Weave the Web.
15: Extracting Large-Scale Knowledge Bases from the Web.
15: On the Implementation of a Simple Class of Logic Queries for Databases.
15: Fully automatic wrapper generation for search engines.
15: Labeling Dynamic XML Trees.
15: Redundancy in Spatial Databases.
14: Phrasal Translation and Query Expansion Techniques for Cross-language Information Retrieval.
14: Discriminant Adaptive Nearest Neighbor Classification.
14: Improving pseudo-relevance feedback in web information retrieval using web page segmentation.
14: Segment Indexes: Dynamic Indexing Techniques for Multi-Dimensional Interval Data.
14: Retrieval and novelty detection at the sentence level.
14: A Multidatabase Transaction Model for InterBase.
14: The 5 Minute Rule for Trading Memory for Disk Accesses and The 10 Byte Rule for Trading Memory for CPU Time.
14: Linear discriminant model for information retrieval.
14: XTRACT: A System for Extracting Document Type Descriptors from XML Documents.
14: Extended User-Defined Indexing with Application to Textual Databases.
14: Spatial Search with Polyhedra.
14: A Filtering Algorithm for Constraints of Difference in CSPs.
14: An Extended Relational Algebra with Control over Duplicate Elimination.
14: Exploiting Inter-Operation Parallelism in XPRS.
14: Exploiting dictionaries in named entity extraction: combining semi-Markov extraction processes and data integration methods.
14: Transforming classifier scores into accurate multiclass probability estimates.
14: Experiments with Query Acquisition and Use in Document Retrieval Systems.
14: Mining Association Rules with Multiple Minimum Supports.
14: Query Execution Techniques for Caching Expensive Methods.
14: OCELOT: a system for summarizing Web pages.
14: Statistical synopses for graph-structured XML databases.
14: On the Complexity of Propositional Knowledge Base Revision, Updates, and Counterfactuals.
14: On B-Tree Indices for Skewed Distributions.
14: Spreadsheets in RDBMS for OLAP.
14: On the Performance of Object Clustering Techniques.
14: Composite Events for Active Databases: Semantics, Contexts and Detection.
14: Transforming data to satisfy privacy constraints.
14: Size Separation Spatial Join.
14: Access Method Concurrency with Recovery.
14: Integrating the document object model with hyperlinks for enhanced topic distillation and information extraction.
14: Using a Generalized Instance Set for Automatic Text Categorization.
14: A Temporal Framework for Database Specifications.
14: The Complexity of Querying Indefinite Data about Linearly Ordered Domains.
14: Experiments in Multilingual Information Retrieval Using the SPIDER System.
14: Fast discovery of connection subgraphs.
14: Optimizations for Dynamic Inverted Index Maintenance.
14: A Flexible Model for Retrieval of SGML Documents.
14: ANF: a fast and scalable tool for data mining in massive graphs.
14: Objects and Views.
14: The Use of Information Capacity in Schema Integration and Translation.
14: Topological Relations in the World of Minimum Bounding Rectangles: A Study with R-trees.
14: X-means: Extending K-means with Efficient Estimation of the Number of Clusters.
14: A formal study of information retrieval heuristics.
14: A Framework for Expressing and Combining Preferences.
14: Clustering by pattern similarity in large data sets.
14: Algorithms for Creating Indexes for Very Large Tables Without Quiescing Updates.
14: Deriving Production Rules for Constraint Maintainance.
14: Improving Text Retrieval for the Routing Problem using Latent Semantic Indexing.
14: Integrating word relationships into language models.
14: Boosting the margin: A new explanation for the effectiveness of voting methods.
14: Query type classification for web document retrieval.
14: The Potential and Actual Effectiveness of Interactive Query Expansion.
14: Cache Consistency and Concurrency Control in a Client/Server DBMS Architecture.
14: On the decidability and complexity of query answering over inconsistent and incomplete databases.
14: Condorcet fusion for improved retrieval.
14: LDL: A Logic-Based Data Language.
14: Predictive caching and prefetching of query results in search engines.
14: The Design and Implementation of a Sequence Database System.
14: The Implementation of an Integrated Concurrency Control and Recovery Scheme.
14: Minimal test collections for retrieval evaluation.
14: Reference Reconciliation in Complex Information Spaces.
14: Semi-supervised Clustering by Seeding.
14: Proximal support vector machine classifiers.
14: Influence Sets Based on Reverse Nearest Neighbor Queries.
14: Tree Pattern Relaxation.
14: Procedural and Declarative Database Update Languages.
14: Improved Unnesting Algorithms for Join Aggregate SQL Queries.
14: Data exchange: getting to the core.
14: Optimization of Queries with User-defined Predicates
14: Efficient Computation of the Skyline Cube.
14: Web question answering: is more always better?.
14: Activity Monitoring: Noticing Interesting Changes in Behavior.
13: Finding near-duplicate web pages: a large-scale evaluation of algorithms.
13: Direct Algorithms for Computing the Transitive Closure of Database Relations.
13: Structure and evolution of online social networks.
13: RankSQL: Query Algebra and Optimization for Relational Top-k Queries.
13: Analysis of interacting BPEL web services.
13: Theoretical Aspects of Schema Merging.
13: Bifocal Sampling for Skew-Resistant Join Size Estimation.
13: Efficient algorithms for minimizing tree pattern queries.
13: Computing Joins of Relations.
13: Identifying Representative Trends in Massive Time Series Data Sets Using Sketches.
13: Offering a Precision-Performance Tradeoff for Aggregation Queries over Replicated Data.
13: Near Neighbor Search in Large Metric Spaces.
13: Relevance Feedback and Inference Networks.
13: A Heuristic Approach to Attribute Partitioning.
13: Semantic similarity between search engine queries using temporal correlation.
13: Novel Approaches in Query Processing for Moving Object Trajectories.
13: Visualizing tags over time.
13: Multiple kernel learning, conic duality, and the SMO algorithm.
13: Simulation, verification and automated composition of web services.
13: Data Integration using Self-Maintainable Views.
13: Scalable Trigger Processing.
13: Eye-tracking analysis of user behavior in WWW search.
13: Online Generation of Association Rules.
13: Using web structure for classifying and describing web pages.
13: Tradeoffs in Processing Complex Join Queries via Hashing in Multiprocessor Database Machines.
13: Alert: An Architecture for Transforming a Passive DBMS into an Active DBMS.
13: ORDPATHs: Insert-Friendly XML Node Labels.
13: 2Q: A Low Overhead High Performance Buffer Management Replacement Algorithm.
13: Determining Text Databases to Search in the Internet.
13: Implementation Techniques of Complex Objects.
13: Null Values in Data Base Management: A Denotational Semantics Approach.
13: The Aqua Approximate Query Answering System.
13: Implicit user modeling for personalized search.
13: Using Segmented Right-Deep Trees for the Execution of Pipelined Hash Joins.
13: LDA-based document models for ad-hoc retrieval.
13: Enabling Dynamic Content Caching for Database-Driven Web Sites.
13: Cost-Based Optimization for Magic: Algebra and Implementation.
13: Optimal Grid-Clustering: Towards Breaking the Curse of Dimensionality in High-Dimensional Clustering.
13: Mining Optimized Association Rules for Numeric Attributes.
13: Top-Down Specialization for Information and Privacy Preservation.
13: Inclusion Dependencies and Their Interaction with Functional Dependencies.
13: A web-based kernel function for measuring the similarity of short text snippets.
13: What Is the Nearest Neighbor in High Dimensional Spaces?
13: On the Equivalence of Recursive and Nonrecursive Datalog Programs.
13: Re-examining the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion.
13: Selectivity Estimation in Spatial Databases.
13: Dynamic Memory Allocation for Multiple-Query Workloads.
13: Learning and evaluating classifiers under sample selection bias.
13: A Generalized Model for a Relational Temporal Database.
13: StatiX: making XML count.
13: The Effects of Query Structure and Dictionary Setups in Dictionary-Based Cross-Language Information Retrieval.
13: On k-Anonymity and the Curse of Dimensionality.
13: Modeling Multidimensional Databases.
13: Learning from labeled and unlabeled data on a directed graph.
13: RQL: a declarative query language for RDF.
13: The Implementation and Performance Evaluation of the ADMS Query Optimizer: Integrating Query Result Caching and Matching.
13: Extending the Search Strategy in a Query Optimizer.
13: Spatial Join Indices.
13: Semantics-Based Concurrency Control: Beyond Commutativity.
13: Set-Oriented Mining for Association Rules in Relational Databases.
13: On Schema Matching with Opaque Column Names and Data Values.
13: The Cluster Hypothesis Revisited.
13: Algorithmics and Applications of Tree and Graph Searching.
13: Temporal Summaries of News Topics.
13: Learning a kernel matrix for nonlinear dimensionality reduction.
13: Fido: A Cache That Learns to Fetch.
13: Impact of search engines on page popularity.
13: Evaluating strategies for similarity search on the web.
13: Using the Structure of Web Sites for Automatic Segmentation of Tables.
13: Practical privacy: the SuLQ framework.
13: Query Optimization in the Presence of Limited Access Patterns.
13: Analysis of anchor text for web search.
13: An adaptive model for optimizing performance of an incremental web crawler.
13: Algorithms for Deferred View Maintenance.
13: The Historical Relational Data Model (HRDM) and Algebra Based on Lifespans.
13: One-Sided Recursions.
13: R* Optimizer Validation and Performance Evaluation for Local Queries.
13: Document Filtering With Inference Networks.
12: PRIX: Indexing And Querying XML Using Prfer Sequences.
12: Decidability and Undecidability Results for Boundedness of Linear Recursive Queries.
12: Title language model for information retrieval.
12: Rondo: A Programming Platform for Generic Model Management.
12: Regularized estimation of mixture models for robust pseudo-relevance feedback.
12: Overcoming Limitations of Sampling for Aggregation Queries.
12: Beyond PageRank: machine learning for static ranking.
12: Swoogle: a search and metadata engine for the semantic web.
12: Accelerated focused crawling through online relevance feedback.
12: Hash-Partitioned Join Method Using Dynamic Destaging Strategy.
12: Categorizing web queries according to geographical locality.
12: Combining Multiple Evidence from Different Properties of Weighting Schemes.
12: Query Learning Strategies Using Boosting and Bagging.
12: Query Optimization in a Heterogeneous DBMS.
12: Global Query Optimization.
12: Multiple-Instance Learning for Natural Scene Classification.
12: Change Detection in Hierarchically Structured Information.
12: Generalizing Data to Provide Anonymity when Disclosing Information (Abstract).
12: Adaptive Ordering of Pipelined Stream Filters.
12: Near-Optimal Reinforcement Learning in Polynominal Time.
12: MedMaker: A Mediation System Based on Declarative Specifications.
12: First Story Detection In TDT Is Hard.
12: Corpus-based Schema Matching.
12: Learning Routing Queries in a Query Zone.
12: The NRRC reliable information access (RIA) workshop.
12: Partially Supervised Classification of Text Documents.
12: An Efficient Indexing Technique for Full Text Databases.
12: Block-level link analysis.
12: Staggered Striping in Multimedia Information Systems.
12: A Generic Approach to Bulk Loading Multidimensional Index Structures.
12: Quickly Generating Billion-Record Synthetic Databases.
12: A Taxonomy and Performance Model of Data Skew Effects in Parallel Joins.
12: DISCOVER: Keyword Search in Relational Databases.
12: WATCHMAN : A Data Warehouse Intelligent Cache Manager.
12: Why Batch and User Evaluations Do Not Give the Same Results.
12: Orthogonal Optimization of Subqueries and Aggregation.
12: The webgraph framework I: compression techniques.
12: A System for new event detection.
12: Outerjoins as Disjunctions.
12: A Generalized Access Path Model and its Application to a Relational Data Base System.
12: Synthesizing Independent Database Schemas.
12: CubeSVD: a novel approach to personalized Web search.
12: STRUDEL: A Web-site Management System.
12: Rule Condition Testing and Action Execution in Ariel.
12: Substring Selectivity Estimation.
12: Automatic identification of user interest for personalized search.
12: Data-Driven Understanding and Refinement of Schema Mappings.
12: Stabbing the Sky: Efficient Skyline Computation over Sliding Windows.
12: Algorithms for Translating View Updates to Database Updates for Views Involving Selections, Projections, and Joins.
12: Query Processing in Main Memory Database Management Systems.
12: XPERANTO: Middleware for Publishing Object-Relational Data as XML Documents.
12: Automatic Feedback Using Past Queries: Social Searching?
12: A streaming ensemble algorithm (SEA) for large-scale classification.
12: Anatomy: Simple and Effective Privacy Preservation.
12: On XML Integrity Constraints in the Presence of DTDs.
12: Algorithms for Materialized View Design in Data Warehousing Environment.
12: Version Modeling Concepts for Computer-Aided Design Databases.
12: Acting Optimally in Partially Observable Stochastic Domains.
12: Energy Efficient Indexing on Air.
12: Supporting Executable Mappings in Model Management.
12: A Comparison of Spatial Query Processing Techniques for Native and Parameter Spaces.
12: Compressed Data Cubes for OLAP Aggregate Query Approximation on Continuous Dimensions.
12: Building a question answering test collection.
12: AlphaSort: A RISC Machine Sort.
12: Using Association Rules for Product Assortment Decisions: A Case Study.
12: On the Privacy Preserving Properties of Random Data Perturbation Techniques.
12: Exploiting Inheritance and Structure Semantics for Effective Clustering and Buffering in an Object-Oriented DBMS.
12: On Serializability of Multidatabase Transactions Through Forced Local Conflicts.
12: The Eigentrust algorithm for reputation management in P2P networks.
12: Efficient Keyword Search for Smallest LCAs in XML Databases.
12: Incremental Distance Join Algorithms for Spatial Databases.
12: Optimizing web search using web click-through data.
12: Apprenticeship learning via inverse reinforcement learning.
12: Catching the Best Views of Skyline: A Semantic Approach Based on Decisive Subspaces.
12: Extrapolation methods for accelerating PageRank computations.
12: Chain : Operator Scheduling for Memory Minimization in Data Stream Systems.
12: Flexible Buffer Allocation Based on Marginal Gains.
12: Distributed Database Concurrency Controls Using Before-Values.
12: Approximate Counts and Quantiles over Sliding Windows.
12: Efficient query evaluation using a two-level retrieval process.
12: Constraint-Based XML Query Rewriting For Data Integration.
12: Natural Language vs. Boolean Query Evaluation: A Comparison of Retrieval Performance.
12: A Distribution-Based Clustering Algorithm for Mining in Large Spatial Databases.
12: Stable Algorithms for Link Analysis.
12: Estimating the Size of Generalized Transitive Closures.
12: Sequence Query Processing.
12: Resolving query translation ambiguity using a decaying co-occurrence model and syntactic dependence relations.
12: Crash Recovery in Client-Server EXODUS.
12: E-services: a look behind the curtain.
12: Integration of Time Versions into a Relational Database System.
12: Wavelet synopses with error guarantees.
12: Quantitative evaluation of passage retrieval algorithms for question answering.
12: Conjunctive-Query Containment and Constraint Satisfaction.
12: Composite Objects Revisted.
12: Solving the Multiple-Instance Problem: A Lazy Learning Approach.
12: Reducing Multiclass to Binary: A Unifying Approach for Margin Classifiers.
12: Estimating Attributes: Analysis and Extensions of RELIEF.
12: Outlier Detection for High Dimensional Data.
12: Dwarf: shrinking the PetaCube.
12: The Alternating Fixpoint of Logic Programs with Negation.
12: Association Rules over Interval Data.
12: Learning domain-independent string transformation weights for high accuracy object identification.
11: Adaptive Information Retrieval: Using a Connectionist Representation to Retrieve and Learn About Documents.
11: Mining Molecular Fragments: Finding Relevant Substructures of Molecules.
11: Best-effort cache synchronization with source cooperation.
11: Personalized web search by mapping user queries to categories.
11: A study of relevance propagation for web search.
11: Capturing term dependencies using a language model based on sentence trees.
11: Variations in Relevance Judgments and the Measurement of Retrieval Effectiveness.
11: IFO: A Formal Semantic Database Model.
11: Pat-tree-based Keyword Extraction for Chinese Information Retrieval.
11: Generic Text Summarization Using Relevance Measure and Latent Semantic Analysis.
11: Multidatabase Update Issues.
11: On Computing Restricted Projections of Representative Instances.
11: A Robust, Optimization-Based Approach for Approximate Answering of Aggregate Queries.
11: Optimal crawling strategies for web search engines.
11: The Design of the Cell Tree: An Object-Oriented Index Structure for Geometric Databases.
11: Efficient and Flexible Methods for Transient Versioning of Records to Avoid Locking by Read-Only Transactions.
11: Query Containment for Conjunctive Queries with Regular Expressions.
11: Collection Selection and Results Merging with Topically Organized U.S. Patents and TREC Data.
11: Function-based object model towards website adaptation.
11: Designing A Generalized NF2 Model with an SQL-Type Language Interface.
11: Learning to rank: from pairwise approach to listwise approach.
11: Fast Nearest Neighbor Search in High-Dimensional Space.
11: Depth first generation of long patterns.
11: Semantic search.
11: ICICLES: Self-Tuning Samples for Approximate Query Answering.
11: Building Hierarchical Classifiers Using Class Proximity.
11: Texquery: a full-text search extension to xquery.
11: Gigascope: high performance network monitoring with an SQL interface.
11: Scalable Sweeping-Based Spatial Join.
11: Active feedback in ad hoc information retrieval.
11: Measuring the Complexity of Join Enumeration in Query Optimization.
11: Propagation of trust and distrust.
11: D(k)-Index: An Adaptive Structural Summary for Graph-Structured Data.
11: Robust Query Processing through Progressive Optimization.
11: Feature Selection for Unbalanced Class Distribution and Naive Bayes.
11: Programming Constructs for Database System Implementation in EXODUS.
11: Information Sharing Across Private Databases.
11: Warping Indexes with Envelope Transforms for Query by Humming.
11: A Monte Carlo algorithm for fast projective clustering.
11: Learning to match and cluster large high-dimensional data sets for data integration.
11: Improving text categorization methods for event tracking.
11: Efficient set joins on similarity predicates.
11: Lazy Query Evaluation for Active XML.
11: Estimating Answer Sizes for XML Queries.
11: A language modeling framework for resource selection and results merging.
11: Text classification and named entities for new event detection.
11: Toward a Multihomogeneous Model for a Temporal Database.
11: Abstraction in Recovery Management.
11: Evaluating Document Clustering for Interactive Information Retrieval.
11: Beyond the point cloud: from transductive to semi-supervised learning.
11: GUIDE: Graphical User Interface for Database Exploration.
11: Indexing the Distance: An Efficient Method to KNN Processing.
11: Estimating Block Transfers and Join Sizes.
11: The Format Model: A Theory of Database Organization.
11: Translating Web Data.
11: Architecture and Implementation of the Darmstadt Database Kernel System.
11: Load Shedding for Aggregation Queries over Data Streams.
11: Generalized Vector Space Model in Information Retrieval.
11: Bounds on the Propagation of Selection into Logic Programs.
11: The A-tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Spaces Using Relative Approximation.
11: Maximal Vector Computation in Large Data Sets.
11: Finding authorities and hubs from link structures on the World Wide Web.
11: Constraint Checking with Partial Information.
11: Detecting spam web pages through content analysis.
11: Discovering Similar Multidimensional Trajectories.
11: Mining newsgroups using networks arising from social behavior.
11: Variable Length Queries for Time Series Data.
11: MonetDB/XQuery: a fast XQuery processor powered by a relational engine.
11: Efficiently Mining Maximal Frequent Itemsets.
11: Schema-Free XQuery.
11: Data extraction and label assignment for web databases.
11: The Demarcation Protocol: A Technique for Maintaining Linear Arithmetic Constraints in Distributed Database Systems.
11: Mining anchor text for query refinement.
11: An Implementation and Performance Analysis of Spatial Data Access Methods.
11: Voting for candidates: adapting data fusion techniques for an expert search task.
11: Evaluating Database Selection Techniques: A Testbed and Experiment.
11: Processing Queries Over Generalization Hierarchies in a Multidatabase System.
11: Mining Top-K Frequent Closed Patterns without Minimum Support.
11: A Theory for Rule Triggering Systems.
11: Pincer Search: A New Algorithm for Discovering the Maximum Frequent Set.
11: Gimme' the context: context-driven automatic semantic annotation with C-PANKOW.
11: Feature Selection via Concave Minimization and Support Vector Machines.
11: On Mixing Queries and Transactions via Multiversion Locking.
11: Sparse Greedy Matrix Approximation for Machine Learning.
11: Efficient View Maintenance at Data Warehouses.
11: Handling Data Skew in Multiprocessor Database Computers Using Partition Tuning.
11: ROCK: A Robust Clustering Algorithm for Categorical Attributes.
11: Pipelining in Multi-Query Optimization.
11: Generic summarization and keyphrase extraction using mutual reinforcement principle and sentence clustering.
11: SINA: Scalable Incremental Processing of Continuous Queries in Spatio-temporal Databases.
11: Object-level ranking: bringing order to Web objects.
11: Extending Query Rewriting Techniques for Fine-Grained Access Control.
11: LSL: A Link and Selector Language.
11: HTN Planning: Complexity and Expressivity.
11: Querying XML Documents Made Easy: Nearest Concept Queries.
11: Personalized privacy preservation.
11: A practical hypertext categorization method using links and incrementally available class information.
11: ACTA: A Framework for Specifying and Reasoning about Transaction Structure and Behavior.
11: Proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world wide web: an approach and implementation.
11: Feature-Based Retrieval of Similar Shapes.
11: Storage Mappings for Multidimensional Linear Dynamic Hashing.
11: Optimizing Disjunctive Queries with Expensive Predicates.
11: CORAL - Control, Relations and Logic.
11: Content-Based Image Indexing.
11: The U. R. Strikes Back.
11: Adaptive on-line page importance computation.
11: Hancock: a language for extracting signatures from data streams.
11: Efficient Evaluation of Right-, Left-, and Mult-Lineare Rules.
11: Querying Network Directories.
11: A Mechanism for Managing the Buffer Pool in a Relational Database System Using the Hot Set Model.
11: Intelligent Integration of Information.
11: Rewriting of Regular Expressions and Regular Path Queries.
11: Query Graphs, Implementing Trees, and Freely-Reorderable Outerjoins.
11: Learning relational probability trees.
11: Probe, Count, and Classify: Categorizing Hidden Web Databases.
11: Semantic Wikipedia.
11: Document Filtering for Fast Ranking.
11: ConQuer: Efficient Management of Inconsistent Databases.
11: Learning the structure of Markov logic networks.
11: Evaluating Queries with Generalized Path Expressions.
11: Error-Constraint COUNT Query Evaluation in Relational Databases.
11: View-Based Query Processing for Regular Path Queries with Inverse.
10: Rewriting Queries Using Views in Description Logics.
10: Caching Technologies for Web Applications.
10: On the Expressive Power of Database Queries with Intermediate Types.
10: Split-Transactions for Open-Ended Activities.
10: What makes a query difficult?
10: Building a Scaleable Geo-Spatial DBMS: Technology, Implementation, and Evaluation.
10: Storage and Querying of E-Commerce Data.
10: A Formal Approach to Recovery by Compensating Transactions.
10: Performance Tradeoffs for Client-Server Query Processing.
10: Using Reinforcement Learning to Spider the Web Efficiently.
10: Cross-Language Information Retrieval Based on Parallel Texts and Automatic Mining of Parallel Texts from the Web.
10: Finding Replicated Web Collections.
10: Query Learning with Large Margin Classifiers.
10: The Case for Enhanced Abstract Data Types.
10: Collaborative filtering with privacy via factor analysis.
10: Improving web search results using affinity graph.
10: Balancing Push and Pull for Data Broadcast.
10: Compressing Relations and Indexes.
10: Towards a Sound View Integration Methodology.
10: Who Links to Whom: Mining Linkage between Web Sites.
10: Form-Based Proxy Caching for Database-Backed Web Sites.
10: A New Framework For Itemset Generation.
10: Implementing Large Production Systems in a DBMS Environment: Concepts and Algorithms.
10: AdaRank: a boosting algorithm for information retrieval.
10: QC-Trees: An Efficient Summary Structure for Semantic OLAP.
10: Topical link analysis for web search.
10: PEBL: positive example based learning for Web page classification using SVM.
10: Composite Kernels for Hypertext Categorisation.
10: Optimization of Constrained Frequent Set Queries with 2-variable Constraints.
10: An Effective Algorithm for Parallelizing Hash Joins in the Presence of Data Skew.
10: Evaluating a Probabilistic Model for Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval.
10: Orthogonal nonnegative matrix t-factorizations for clustering.
10: Extracting Significant Time Varying Features from Text.
10: Authoring and annotation of web pages in CREAM.
10: Maintaining Consistency of Client-Cached Data.
10: Passage retrieval based on language models.
10: Mining All Non-derivable Frequent Itemsets.
10: Selectivity Estimation for Boolean Queries.
10: Towards an Information Logic.
10: Comparison of Approximations of Complex Objects Used for Approximation-based Query Processing in Spatial Database Systems.
10: Ode as an Active Database: Constraints and Triggers.
10: Expertise identification using email communications.
10: Formal Models of Web Queries.
10: Link-based and content-based evidential information in a belief network model.
10: Improving Query Translation for Cross-Language Information Retrieval Using Statistical Models.
10: An Alternative Storage Organization for ROLAP Aggregate Views Based on Cubetrees.
10: Efficient Mining of Frequent Subgraphs in the Presence of Isomorphism.
10: Query Processing in the ObjectStore Database System.
10: Evaluation of hierarchical clustering algorithms for document datasets.
10: Horn Clauses and the Fixpoint Query Hierarchy.
10: Shooting Stars in the Sky: An Online Algorithm for Skyline Queries.
10: Hierarchical Text Classification and Evaluation.
10: A Predicate Matching Algorithm for Database Rule Systems.
10: Temporal Data Management.
10: A Transactional Model for Long-Running Activities.
10: Detecting web page structure for adaptive viewing on small form factor devices.
10: A Performance Evaluation of Pointer-Based Joins.
10: Finding (Recently) Frequent Items in Distributed Data Streams.
10: A Stochastic Approach for Clustering in Object Bases.
10: New Strategies for Computing the Transitive Closure of a Database Relation.
10: Regularizing ad hoc retrieval scores.
10: Term Clustering of Syntactic Phrases.
10: Algorithms for estimating relative importance in networks.
10: WebView Materialization.
10: MV3R-Tree: A Spatio-Temporal Access Method for Timestamp and Interval Queries.
10: WSQ/DSQ: A Practical Approach for Combined Querying of Databases and the Web.
10: Answering Queries from Statistics and Probabilistic Views.
10: Efficient Searches for Similar Subsequences of Different Lengths in Sequence Databases.
10: The dichotomy of conjunctive queries on probabilistic structures.
10: Yago: a core of semantic knowledge.
10: Query expansion using random walk models.
10: Engineering server-driven consistency for large scale dynamic Web services.
10: Obtaining Complete Answers from Incomplete Databases.
10: Indexing Multi-Dimensional Uncertain Data with Arbitrary Probability Density Functions.
10: Finding similar questions in large question and answer archives.
10: Optimizing Queries with Aggregate Views.
10: Representing and Querying Changes in Semistructured Data.
10: Towards parameter-free data mining.
10: Dynamic topic models.
10: Parameterised Compression for Sparse Bitmaps.
10: Query Flocks: A Generalization of Association-Rule Mining.
10: Improving Web search efficiency via a locality based static pruning method.
10: A quickstart in frequent structure mining can make a difference.
10: FleXPath: Flexible Structure and Full-Text Querying for XML.
10: Super-Scalar RAM-CPU Cache Compression.
10: Analyzing the Effectiveness and Applicability of Co-training.
10: Active + Semi-supervised Learning = Robust Multi-View Learning.
10: A general model for clustering binary data.
10: Empirical bayes screening for multi-item associations.
10: Injecting utility into anonymized datasets.
10: Logical Foundations of Peer-To-Peer Data Integration.
10: Disambiguating Web appearances of people in a social network.
10: Event Specification in an Active Object-Oriented Database.
10: Building Light-Weight Wrappers for Legacy Web Data-Sources Using W4F.
10: Multi-Level Transaction Management, Theoretical Art or Practical Need ?
10: Proof-Tree Transformation Theorems and Their Applications.
10: Improving SVM accuracy by training on auxiliary data sources.
10: An Interactive Clustering-based Approach to Integrating Source Query interfaces on the Deep Web.
10: XL: an XML programming language for web service specification and composition.
10: On-Line Warehouse View Maintenance.
10: Optimizing Queries on Files.
10: Dynamic Query Optimization in Rdb/VMS.
10: Equivalence, Query-Reachability, and Satisfiability in Datalog Extensions.
10: Processing Set Expressions over Continuous Update Streams.
10: Dynamic Pipeline Scheduling for Improving Interactive Query Performance.
10: A Belief Network Model for IR.
10: Queries in Object-Oriented Databases.
10: A Qualitative Comparison Study of Data Structures for Large Line Segment Databases.
10: The Effect of Bucket Size Tuning in the Dynamic Hybrid GRACE Hash Join Method.
10: ReCoM: reinforcement clustering of multi-type interrelated data objects.
10: Fixed-Precision Estimation of Join Selectivity.
10: The Datacycle Architecture for Very High Throughput Database Systems.
10: Partial Constraint Satisfaction.
10: Partially Preemptive Hash Joins.
10: A Multimedia Office Filing System.
10: Some Advances in Transformation-Based Part of Speech Tagging.
10: The predictive power of online chatter.
9: Optimal File Distribution For Partial Match Retrieval.
9: The Perceptron Algorithm with Uneven Margins.
9: A Decidable Class of Bounded Recursions.
9: Incorporating Prior Knowledge into Boosting.
9: Every Logic Program Has a Natural Stratification And an Iterated Least Fixed Point Model.
9: Fast and Effective Query Refinement.
9: Geospatial mapping and navigation of the web.
9: Automatic multimedia cross-modal correlation discovery.
9: Performance Measurements of Compressed Bitmap Indices.
9: Aurora: A Data Stream Management System.
9: A mixture model for contextual text mining.
9: Mining top-n local outliers in large databases.
9: Bridging the lexical chasm: statistical approaches to answer-finding.
9: HierarchyScan: A Hierarchical Similarity Search Algorithm for Databases of Long Sequences.
9: Evaluation of Main Memory Join Algorithms for Joins with Set Comparison Join Predicates.
9: Privacy Preserving OLAP.
9: A Graph-Oriented Object Database Model.
9: SEQ: A Model for Sequence Databases.
9: Sort-Merge-Join: An Idea Whose Time Has(h) Passed?
9: Understanding Web Query Interfaces: Best-Effort Parsing with Hidden Syntax.
9: Rank-Preserving Two-Level Caching for Scalable Search Engines.
9: Computing Geographical Scopes of Web Resources.
9: Parallelism in a Main-Memory DBMS: The Performance of PRISMA/DB.
9: Discovery of Influence Sets in Frequently Updated Databases.
9: Access Paths in the 'ABE' Statistical Query Facility.
9: IO-Top-k: Index-access Optimized Top-k Query Processing.
9: Efficient Discovery of Functional and Approximate Dependencies Using Partitions.
9: Approximating Aggregate Queries about Web Pages via Random Walks.
9: Continually evaluating similarity-based pattern queries on a streaming time series.
9: Data Integration: The Teenage Years.
9: Better than the real thing?: iterative pseudo-query processing using cluster-based language models.
9: Quasi Serializability: a Correctness Criterion for Global Concurrency Control in InterBase.
9: Least Expected Cost Query Optimization: An Exercise in Utility.
9: Scheduling and Processor Allocation for Parallel Execution of Multi-Join Queries.
9: Query word deletion prediction.
9: Specifying and Enforcing Intertask Dependencies.
9: A Direct Manipulation Interface for Boolean Information Retrieval via Natural Language Query.
9: Towards An Implementation of Database Management Systems with Temporal Support.
9: Creating Probabilistic Databases from Information Extraction Models.
9: Clustering Transactions Using Large Items.
9: Squashing Flat Files Flatter.
9: Fast maximum margin matrix factorization for collaborative prediction.
9: COOLCAT: an entropy-based algorithm for categorical clustering.
9: Selectivity Estimation and Query Optimization in Large Databases with Highly Skewed Distribution of Column Values.
9: Efficient discovery of error-tolerant frequent itemsets in high dimensions.
9: Efficient Indexing of Spatiotemporal Objects.
9: A Theoretical Foundation of Multi-Level Concurrency Control.
9: Efficient Exact Set-Similarity Joins.
9: Independence of Logic Database Queries and Updates.
9: Incorporating prior knowledge with weighted margin support vector machines.
9: Molecular feature mining in HIV data.
9: Sequential PAttern mining using a bitmap representation.
9: Language Constructs for Programming Active Databases.
9: Adaptive Query Processing for Time-Series Data.
9: Summarizing itemset patterns: a profile-based approach.
9: On Concurrency Control by Multiple Versions.
9: Online novelty detection on temporal sequences.
9: STRIPS: A New Approach to the Application of Theorem Proving to Problem Solving.
9: Architectural Issues of Transaction Management in Multi-Layered Systems.
9: The Expressiveness of a Family of Finite Set Languages.
9: Towards Tractable Algebras for Bags.
9: Implementing Recoverable Requests Using Queues.
9: A Transcation Language Complete for Database Update and Specification.
9: When will information retrieval be "good enough"?
9: Efficient Enumeration of Frequent Sequences.
9: Mining Surprising Patterns Using Temporal Description Length.
9: Design of Relational Views over Network Schemas.
9: Groupwise Processing of Relational Queries.
9: Do batch and user evaluation give the same results?
9: Ridge Regression Learning Algorithm in Dual Variables.
9: Shilling recommender systems for fun and profit.
9: Using Probabilistic Information in Data Integration.
9: Automating physical database design in a parallel database.
9: Learning to Create Customized Authority Lists.
9: Efficient Progressive Sampling.
9: Multi-Dimensional Substring Selectivity Estimation.
9: A Study of Transitive Closure As a Recursion Mechanism.
9: Enterprise information integration: successes, challenges and controversies.
9: Clean Answers over Dirty Databases: A Probabilistic Approach.
9: Discovering informative content blocks from Web documents.
9: Placing search in context: the concept revisited.
9: Linkage and Autocorrelation Cause Feature Selection Bias in Relational Learning.
9: What can Hierarchies do for Data Warehouses?
9: Applying Summarization Techniques for Term Selection in Relevance Feedback.
9: Exploring social annotations for the semantic web.
9: Monitoring XML Data on the Web.
9: How To Roll a Join: Asynchronous Incremental View Maintenance.
9: Why collective inference improves relational classification.
9: Text joins in an RDBMS for web data integration.
9: Untyped Sets, Invention, and Computable Queries.
9: Description logic programs: combining logic programs with description logic.
9: Simultaneous Optimization and Evaluation of Multiple Dimensional Queries.
9: Frequent Sub-Structure-Based Approaches for Classifying Chemical Compounds.
9: DynaMat: A Dynamic View Management System for Data Warehouses.
9: Compressed Inverted Files with Reduced Decoding Overheads.
9: Robust Identification of Fuzzy Duplicates.
9: S3: Similarity Search in CAD Database Systems.
9: Cyclic Association Rules.
9: Anatomy of a Mudular Multiple Query Optimizer.
9: Sleepers and Workaholics: Caching Strategies in Mobile Environments.
9: AdaCost: Misclassification Cost-Sensitive Boosting.
9: COMA - A System for Flexible Combination of Schema Matching Approaches.
9: Logic Based Modeling and Analysis of Workflows.
9: Optimization for Spatial Query Processing.
9: Mining distance-based outliers in near linear time with randomization and a simple pruning rule.
9: Real world performance of association rule algorithms.
9: Incremental Relevance Feedback.
9: Safety of Recursive Horn Clauses With Infinite Relations.
9: Similarity Search without Tears: The OMNI Family of All-purpose Access Methods.
9: Deciding Equivalences Among Aggregate Queries.
9: Top-k Query Evaluation with Probabilistic Guarantees.
9: Relations with Relation Names as Arguments: Algebra and Calculus.
9: An Optimality Theory of Concurrency Control for Databases.
9: Automatic Text Structuring and Retrieval: Experiments in Automatic Encyclopedia Searching.
9: Extending the Algebraic Framework of Query Processing to Handle Outerjoins.
9: EDUTELLA: a P2P networking infrastructure based on RDF.
9: The structure of broad topics on the web.
9: Querying and mining data streams: you only get one look a tutorial.
9: Small is beautiful: discovering the minimal set of unexpected patterns.
9: Testing Containment of Conjunctive Queries Under Functional and Inclusion Dependencies.
9: Practical Predicate Placement.
9: Top-Down Induction of Clustering Trees.
9: Biterm language models for document retrieval.
9: A Succinct Physical Storage Scheme for Efficient Evaluation of Path Queries in XML.
9: Glue-Nail: A Deductive Database System.
9: Hierarchical document categorization with support vector machines.
9: Computing cores for data exchange: new algorithms and practical solutions.
9: A Call to Order.
9: Pruned query evaluation using pre-computed impacts.
9: A Framework for Clustering Evolving Data Streams.
9: An Implementation of GEM - Supporting a Semantic Data Model on a Relational Back-End.
9: Functional and Predicative Programming in OODB's.
9: Projections for Efficient Document Clustering.
9: A Comparison of DFT and DWT based Similarity Search in Time-Series Databases.
9: Object Views: Extending the Vision.
9: Querying Structured Text in an XML Database.
9: On Optimal Processor Allocation to Support Pipelined Hash Joins.
9: Trie Hashing.
9: Magic Conditions.
9: Active Databases as a Paradigm for Enhanced Computing Environments.
9: Investigating behavioral variability in web search.
9: Approximating a collection of frequent sets.
9: Optimization Algorithms for Exploiting the Parallelism-Communication Tradeoff in Pipelined Parallelism.
9: Extensible Buffer Management of Indexes.
9: Efficient Query Reformulation in Peer-Data Management Systems.
9: Using sampled data and regression to merge search engine results.
8: Practical Prefetching via Data Compression.
8: Priority in DBMS Resource Scheduling.
8: Parsimonious language models for information retrieval.
8: Mining Compressed Frequent-Pattern Sets.
8: Availability in Partitioned Replicated Databases.
8: Retrieval Test Evaluation of a Rule Based Automatic Index (AIR/PHYS).
8: PUBLIC: A Decision Tree Classifier that Integrates Building and Pruning.
8: A Probabilistic Framework for Vague Queries and Imprecise Information in Databases.
8: Garlic: a new flavor of federated query processing for DB2.
8: Robustness of regularized linear classification methods in text categorization.
8: Robust Cardinality and Cost Estimation for Skyline Operator.
8: Relaxed Currency and Consistency: How to Say "Good Enough" in SQL.
8: Towards an Effective Calculus for Object Query Languages.
8: Debugging Schema Mappings with Routes.
8: Semantic Compression and Pattern Extraction with Fascicles.
8: Tamino - A DBMS designed for XML.
8: Stack-based Algorithms for Pattern Matching on DAGs.
8: Progressive Approximate Aggregate Queries with a Multi-Resolution Tree Structure.
8: Combining Histograms and Parametric Curve Fitting for Feedback-Driven Query Result-size Estimation.
8: Quality-driven Integration of Heterogenous Information Systems.
8: Estimating Campaign Benefits and Modeling Lift.
8: Robust and Fast Similarity Search for Moving Object Trajectories.
8: Q-Cut - Dynamic Discovery of Sub-goals in Reinforcement Learning.
8: Fast Time-Series Searching with Scaling and Shifting.
8: Maintaining variance and k-medians over data stream windows.
8: Making Deductive Databases a Practical Technology: A Step Forward.
8: Comparing and Aggregating Rankings with Ties.
8: On the Merits of Building Categorization Systems by Supervised Clustering.
8: The SphereSearch Engine for Unified Ranked Retrieval of Heterogeneous XML and Web Documents.
8: Learning Bayesian network classifiers by maximizing conditional likelihood.
8: Managing Intervals Efficiently in Object-Relational Databases.
8: Probabilistic models for discovering e-communities.
8: Assumptions in Relational Database Theory.
8: On Maintaining Priorities in a Production Rule System.
8: Locally Consistent Transformations and Query Answering in Data Exchange.
8: A Query Algebra for Object-Oriented Databases.
8: Probabilistic Retrieval Based on Staged Logistic Regression.
8: Random sampling from a search engine's index.
8: Automatic Discovery of Subgoals in Reinforcement Learning using Diverse Density.
8: Queuing Network Models for Concurrent Transaction Processing in a Database System.
8: A document-centric approach to static index pruning in text retrieval systems.
8: Web-page classification through summarization.
8: Integration of Probabilistic Fact and Text Retrieval.
8: A Bayesian Framework for Reinforcement Learning.
8: Respect my authority!: HITS without hyperlinks, utilizing cluster-based language models.
8: Inferring Probability of Relevance Using the Method of Logistic Regression.
8: Efficient elastic burst detection in data streams.
8: XXL - A Library Approach to Supporting Efficient Implementations of Advanced Database Queries.
8: Learning and discovery of predictive state representations in dynamical systems with reset.
8: Sampling-Based Selectivity Estimation for Joins Using Augmented Frequent Value Statistics.
8: Exploiting query history for document ranking in interactive information retrieval.
8: Diverse ensembles for active learning.
8: Multi-way distributional clustering via pairwise interactions.
8: Random walks on the click graph.
8: A Sophisticate's Introduction to Distributed Concurrency Control (Invited Paper).
8: Quasi-Copies: Efficient Data Sharing for Information Retrieval Systems.
8: Using output codes to boost multiclass learning problems.
8: Efficient Query Answering in the Representative Instance Approach.
8: Optimizing web search using social annotations.
8: Concurrent Operations on B-Trees with Overtaking.
8: ARIES/NT: A Recovery Method Based on Write-Ahead Logging for Nested Transactions.
8: Describing and Using Query Capabilities of Heterogeneous Sources.
8: Concurrency and Recovery in Generalized Search Trees.
8: A Recovery Algorithm for A High-Performance Memory-Resident Database System.
8: Efficient Algorithms for Processing XPath Queries.
8: A Unified Approach to Functional Dependencies and Relations.
8: Model-Driven Data Acquisition in Sensor Networks.
8: Text categorization with many redundant features: using aggressive feature selection to make SVMs competitive with C4.5.
8: User-centric Web crawling.
8: Retrieving Spoken Documents by Combining Multiple Index Sources.
8: A Procedural Semantics for Well Founded Negation in Logic Programs.
8: Time-Critical Database Scheduling: A Framework For Integrating Real-Time Scheduling and Concurrency Control.
8: Combining Statistical Learning with a Knowledge-Based Approach - A Case Study in Intensive Care Monitoring.
8: Towards Automated Performance Tuning for Complex Workloads.
8: Multiview: A Methodology for Supporting Multiple Views in Object-Oriented Databases.
8: Piazza: data management infrastructure for semantic web applications.
8: The use of unlabeled data to improve supervised learning for text summarization.
8: Local Verification of Global Integrity Constraints in Distributed Databases.
8: Integrating compression and execution in column-oriented database systems.
8: Efficient IR-Style Keyword Search over Relational Databases.
8: Fast Methods for Testing Quantified Relational Calculus Assertions.
8: Synthetic Workload Performance Analysis of Incremental Updates.
8: Kernel k-means: spectral clustering and normalized cuts.
8: Approximate Aggregation Techniques for Sensor Databases.
8: Incremental Maintenance for Materialized Views over Semistructured Data.
8: Closest Pair Queries in Spatial Databases.
8: Efficient Transitive Closure Algorithms.
8: Tracking dynamics of topic trends using a finite mixture model.
8: Learning Decision Trees Using the Area Under the ROC Curve.
8: Constructing informative prior distributions from domain knowledge in text classification.
8: Temporal Planning with Continuous Change.
8: Fine-Grained Sharing in a Page Server OODBMS.
8: A Self-Organizing Semantic Map for Information Retrieval.
8: Toward a Progress Indicator for Database Queries.
8: Clio: A Semi-Automatic Tool For Schema Mapping.
8: Versions of Schema for Object-Oriented Databases.
8: Clustering with Bregman Divergences.
8: Control of an Extensible Query Optimizer: A Planning-Based Approach.
8: Situation Monitoring for Active Databases.
8: Incremental Maintenance of Externally Materialized Views.
8: Buffering Database Operations for Enhanced Instruction Cache Performance.
8: Meaningful Change Detection in Structured Data.
8: The Complexity of Query Reliability.
8: Of Objects and Databases: A Decade of Turmoil
8: A Query Language for a Homogeneous Temporal Database.
8: A fast iterative algorithm for fisher discriminant using heterogeneous kernels.
8: Term-specific smoothing for the language modeling approach to information retrieval: the importance of a query term.
8: On Boosting Holism in XML Twig Pattern Matching using Structural Indexing Techniques.
8: A Data Transformation System for Biological Data Sources.
8: Large margin hierarchical classification.
8: Noise Reduction in a Statistical Approach to Text Categorization.
8: Processing Queries with Quantifiers: A Horticultural Approach.
8: Processing Queries By Linear Constraints.
8: Optimizing Queries on Compressed Bitmaps.
8: Efficient and Effective Metasearch for a Large Number of Text Databases.
8: Secure XML Querying with Security Views.
8: Relevance weighting for query independent evidence.
8: Discovering Large Dense Subgraphs in Massive Graphs.
8: Robot Learning From Demonstration.
8: An Entity-based Database User Interface.
8: Model management 2.0: manipulating richer mappings.
8: Block-based web search.
8: Length normalization in XML retrieval.
8: Schema Matching using Duplicates.
8: Approximate XML Query Answers.
8: A Transaction Mechanism for Engineering Design Databases.
8: Constructing Superviews.
8: A Foundation for Multi-dimensional Databases.
8: A Multiuser Performance Analysis of Alternative Declustering Strategies.
8: Winnowing: Local Algorithms for Document Fingerprinting.
8: Adaptive push-pull: disseminating dynamic web data.
8: Set Containment Joins: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.
8: Building a distributed full-text index for the Web.
8: The Significance of the Cranfield Tests on Index Languages.
8: An Index-Based Approach for Similarity Search Supporting Time Warping in Large Sequence Databases.
8: On Line Processing of Compacted Relations.
8: Query Processing in Distributed ORION.
8: Policy Invariance Under Reward Transformations: Theory and Application to Reward Shaping.
8: Density-Based Indexing for Approximate Nearest-Neighbor Queries.
8: Evaluation of Access Methods to Text Document in Office Systems.
8: Finding relevant documents using top ranking sentences: an evaluation of two alternative schemes.
8: Distributed Concurrency Control Performance: A Study of Algorithms, Distribution, and Replication.
8: Querying Aggregate Data.
8: Modular Stratification and Magic Sets for DATALOG Programs with Negation.
8: Commit_LSN: A Novel and Simple Method for Reducing Locking and Latching in Transaction Processing Systems.
8: Effective keyword search in relational databases.
8: An Algorithm for Multi-relational Discovery of Subgroups.
8: An Efficient and Flexible Method for Archiving a Data Base.
8: Enhanced word clustering for hierarchical text classification.
8: Constraint-Based Rule Mining in Large, Dense Databases.
8: Adaptive Parallel Aggregation Algorithms.
8: Relevance Score Normalization for Metasearch.
8: Interpolation-Based Index Maintenance.
8: Simplified similarity scoring using term ranks.
8: Expertise networks in online communities: structure and algorithms.
8: Stable Models and Non-Determinism in Logic Programs with Negation.
8: Evolutionary clustering.
8: A Comparative Study of Alternative Middle Tier Caching Solutions to Support Dynamic Web Content Acceleration.
8: Visualization of navigation patterns on a Web site using model-based clustering.
8: BIDE: Efficient Mining of Frequent Closed Sequences.
8: Design and Evaluation of Algorithms to Compute the Transitive Closure of a Database Relation.
8: On integrating catalogs.
8: Experiment on Incorporation Syntactic Processing of User Queries into a Document Retrieval Strategy.
8: Normal Forms and Relational Database Operators.
8: Forming test collections with no system pooling.
8: Mind Your Grammar: a New Approach to Modelling Text.
8: Managing Memory to Meet Multiclass Workload Response Time Goals.
8: Entity Resolution with Markov Logic.
8: Massive Stochastic Testing of SQL.
8: Query Size Estimation by Adaptive Sampling.
8: Mining database structure; or, how to build a data quality browser.
8: Combining Multiple Learning Strategies for Effective Cross Validation.
8: Management of probabilistic data: foundations and challenges.
8: Join Index Hierarchies for Supporting Efficient Navigations in Object-Oriented Databases.
8: The GMAP: A Versatile Tool for Physical Data Independence.
8: Improving recommendation lists through topic diversification.
8: Horting Hatches an Egg: A New Graph-Theoretic Approach to Collaborative Filtering.
8: A Uniform Approach to Constraint Satisfaction and Constraint Satisfiability in Deductive Databases.
8: Improving the Query Performance of High-Dimensional Index Structures by Bulk-Load Operations.
8: Supporting Semantic Rules by a Generalized Event/Trigger Mechanism.
8: Full Text Indexing Based on Lexical Relations An Application: Software Libraries.
8: A One-Pass Algorithm for Accurately Estimating Quantiles for Disk-Resident Data.
8: Behavior of Database Production Rules: Termination, Confluence, and Observable Determinism.
7: Newsjunkie: providing personalized newsfeeds via analysis of information novelty.
7: On the Representation and Querying of Sets of Possible Worlds.
7: Similarity-Based Queries.
7: Parity Striping of Disk Arrays: Low-Cost Reliable Storage with Acceptable Throughput.
7: Query expansion using term relationships in language models for information retrieval.
7: SQLEM: Fast Clustering in SQL using the EM Algorithm.
7: Automatic Physical Database Tuning: A Relaxation-based Approach.
7: Exploiting Correlated Attributes in Acquisitional Query Processing.
7: ILOG: Declarative Creation and Manipulation of Object Identifiers.
7: Formal Definition of Mappings in a Data Base.
7: Reasoning about Qualitative Temporal Information.
7: Inverting schema mappings.
7: Models for Studying Concurrency Control Performance: Alternatives and Implications.
7: A new paradigm for ranking pages on the world wide web.
7: Possibilities and Limitations of Using Flat Operators in Nested Algebra Expressions.
7: A new family of online algorithms for category ranking.
7: AJAX: An Extensible Data Cleaning Tool
7: Mining Strong Affinity Association Patterns in Data Sets with Skewed Support Distribution.
7: Cache-and-Query for Wide Area Sensor Databases.
7: Discovering unexpected information from your competitors' web sites.
7: Discovering Test Set Regularities in Relational Domains.
7: A Neural Network for Probabilistic Information Retrieval.
7: Power-Conserving Computation of Order-Statistics over Sensor Networks.
7: Explicitly representing expected cost: an alternative to ROC representation.
7: Nested Mappings: Schema Mapping Reloaded.
7: Record linkage: similarity measures and algorithms.
7: Online Amnesic Approximation of Streaming Time Series.
7: MindReader: Querying Databases Through Multiple Examples.
7: Efficient Creation and Incremental Maintenance of the HOPI Index for Complex XML Document Collections.
7: On GMAP: and other transformations.
7: A View Mechanism for Object-Oriented Databases.
7: On the Effectiveness of Optimization Search Strategies for Parallel Execution Spaces.
7: Efficient phrase querying with an auxiliary index.
7: Meta-Learning by Landmarking Various Learning Algorithms.
7: XPRESS: A Queriable Compression for XML Data.
7: A Similarity-based Probability Model for Latent Semantic Indexing.
7: Time-parameterized queries in spatio-temporal databases.
7: A hierarchical monothetic document clustering algorithm for summarization and browsing search results.
7: Generating Accurate Rule Sets Without Global Optimization.
7: Carpenter: finding closed patterns in long biological datasets.
7: Merging Ranks from Heterogeneous Internet Sources.
7: SPIN: mining maximal frequent subgraphs from graph databases.
7: Online Dynamic Reordering for Interactive Data Processing.
7: Algorithms for Querying by Spatial Structure.
7: SUBSKY: Efficient Computation of Skylines in Subspaces.
7: A Message Passing Framework for Logical Query Evaluation.
7: Ranking objects based on relationships.
7: Efficient Evaluation of the Valid-Time Natural Join.
7: XRules: an effective structural classifier for XML data.
7: Approximate Nearest Neighbor Searching in Multimedia Databases.
7: Relational Markov models and their application to adaptive web navigation.
7: Hierarchical Prefix Cubes for Range-Sum Queries.
7: Discovering Typical Structures of Documents: A Road Map Approach.
7: Lightweight Rule Induction.
7: A machine learning based approach for table detection on the web.
7: History-less Checking of Dynamic Integrity Constraints.
7: Word sense disambiguation in information retrieval revisited.
7: Bottom-Up Generalization: A Data Mining Solution to Privacy Protection.
7: Self-similarity in the Web.
7: Native XML Support in DB2 Universal Database.
7: Distributed Processing of Logic Programs.
7: Management of Multiple Models in an Extensible Database Design Tool.
7: Compiling Complex Database Transition Triggers.
7: Data mining in metric space: an empirical analysis of supervised learning performance criteria.
7: Hypertree Decompositions and Tractable Queries.
7: Finding experts and their eetails in e-mail corpora.
7: Fully automatic cross-associations.
7: Latent Semantic Indexing is an Optimal Special Case of Multidimensional Scaling.
7: IOTA: A Full Text Information Retrieval System.
7: Adapting Materialized Views after Redefinitions.
7: Optimizing Multidimensional Index Trees for Main Memory Access.
7: Probabilistic discovery of time series motifs.
7: A Query Language for Multidimensional Arrays: Design, Implementation, and Optimization Techniques.
7: Long-Term Learning for Web Search Engines.
7: On detecting differences between groups.
7: Latent semantic-space: iterative scaling improves precision of inter-document similarity measurement.
7: Querying in Highly Mobile Distributed Environments.
7: Adversarial classification.
7: Graph-based text classification: learn from your neighbors.
7: Probabilistic question answering on the web.
7: Answering Top-k Queries Using Views.
7: On Propagation of Deletions and Annotations Through Views.
7: An Efficient Bitmap Encoding Scheme for Selection Queries.
7: A Model of Information Retrieval Based on a Terminological Logic.
7: Join Queries with External Text Sources: Execution and Optimization Techniques.
7: Maintaining Temporal Views over Non-Temporal Information Sources for Data Warehousing.
7: A Primitive Operator for Similarity Joins in Data Cleaning.
7: Efficient Filtering of XML Documents with XPath Expressions.
7: Techniques for Design and Implementation of Efficient Spatial Access Methods.
7: Materialized View Selection and Maintenance Using Multi-Query Optimization.
7: Viewing Stemming as Recall Enhancement.
7: On-line Reorganization of Sparsely-populated B+trees.
7: Data exchange: computing cores in polynomial time.
7: Validating Streaming XML Documents.
7: Consistent bipartite graph co-partitioning for star-structured high-order heterogeneous data co-clustering.
7: Key Range Locking Strategies for Improved Concurrency.
7: A Database Index to Large Biological Sequences.
7: Location-based Spatial Queries.
7: Evaluation of a Tool for Visualization of Information Retrieval Results.
7: Computing Capabilities of Mediators.
7: LORE: A Lightweight Object REpository for Semistructured Data.
7: Interaction of Query Evaluation and Buffer Management for Information Retrieval.
7: An Overview of Query Optimization in Relational Systems.
7: Optimization and Dataflow Algorithms for Nested Tree Queries.
7: Multi-label informed latent semantic indexing.
7: Identifying meaningful return information for XML keyword search.
7: Processing Queries for First Few Answers.
7: On Two-Dimensional Indexability and Optimal Range Search Indexing.
7: Flexible Queries Over Semistructured Data.
7: Spatial Join Selectivity Using Power Laws.
7: The Web as a Graph.
7: Web-a-where: geotagging web content.
7: A Universal Relation Database System Implemented via the Network Model.
7: Using Flexible Transactions to Support Multi-System Telecommunication Applications.
7: Multistrategy Learning for Information Extraction.
7: Using randomized response techniques for privacy-preserving data mining.
7: Reliable Transaction Management in a Multidatabase System.
7: Data exchange and incomplete information.
7: Near-optimal sensor placements in Gaussian processes.
7: Automating the Assignment of Submitted Manuscripts to Reviewers.
7: SPARTAN: A Model-Based Semantic Compression System for Massive Data Tables.
7: Computing Frequent Graph Patterns from Semistructured Data.
7: The Impact of Query Structure and Query Expansion on Retrieval Performance.
7: IntelliClean: a knowledge-based intelligent data cleaner.
7: Integrity Checking for Multiple Updates.
7: Learning as search optimization: approximate large margin methods for structured prediction.
7: Studying the use of popular destinations to enhance web search interaction.
7: A New Approach to Unsupervised Text Summarization.
7: Towards an Internet-Scale XML Dissemination Service.
7: Integrating Object-Oriented Data Modeling with a Rule-Based Programming Paradigm.
7: Combining Semantic and Syntactic Document Classifiers to Improve First Story Detection.
7: Improving Performance in Replicated Databases through Relaxed Coherency.
7: The Tree Property is Fundamental for Query Processing.
7: Flexible Time Management in Data Stream Systems.
7: Towards a Multilevel Secure Relational Data Model.
7: Parallel Processing of Spatial Joins Using R-trees.
7: One-Pass Wavelet Synopses for Maximum-Error Metrics.
7: Mining Process Models from Workflow Logs.
7: Evaluation of Signature Files as Set Access Facilities in OODBs.
7: Evaluating different methods of estimating retrieval quality for resource selection.
7: Question answering passage retrieval using dependency relations.
7: Adapting to Source Properties in Processing Data Integration Queries.
7: A Performance Analysis of the Gamma Database Machine.
7: Margin based feature selection - theory and algorithms.
7: Efficient Processing of Joins on Set-valued Attributes.
7: Optimising area under the ROC curve using gradient descent.
7: Pruning Improves Heuristic Search for Cost-Sensitive Learning.
7: Sketching Streams Through the Net: Distributed Approximate Query Tracking.
7: Stratified Computation of Skylines with Partially-Ordered Domains.
7: MURAX: A Robust Linguistic Approach for Question Answering Using an On-Line Encyclopedia.
7: ?-Queries: enabling querying for semantic associations on the semantic web.
7: Evaluation of Evaluation in Information Retrieval.
7: Deferred Updates and Data Placement in Distributed Databases.
7: Modelling Non Deterministic Queries and Updates in Deductive Databases.
7: A Formalism for Extended Transaction Model.
7: A Normal Form for Nested Relations.
7: The Powerset Algebra as a Result of Adding Programming Constructs to the Nested Relational Algebra.
7: A study of factors affecting the utility of implicit relevance feedback.
7: Learning low dimensional predictive representations.
7: Personalizing Web Sites for Mobile Users.
7: Constraints and Redundancy in Datalog.
7: Integration of Spatial Join Algorithms for Processing Multiple Inputs.
7: NonStop SQL/MX Primitives for Knowledge Discovery.
7: Feature Engineering for Text Classification.
7: ARIES-RRH: Restricted Repeating of History in the ARIES Transaction Recovery Method.
7: A Robust Multi-Attribute Search Structure.
7: Supporting Full-Text Information Retrieval with a Persistent Object Store.
7: Microsoft Index Tuning Wizard for SQL Server 7.0.
7: FRank: a ranking method with fidelity loss.
7: Spectral clustering for multi-type relational data.
7: OQL: A Query Language for Manipulating Object-oriented Databases.
7: Using Schematically Heterogeneous Structures.
7: Query Decomposition and View Maintenance for Query Languages for Unstructured Data.
7: The Automatic Indexing System AIR/PHYS -- From Research to Application.
7: Phonetic String Matching: Lessons from Information Retrieval.
7: Adaptive Stream Resource Management Using Kalman Filters.
7: Improving the estimation of relevance models using large external corpora.
7: A unified model for metasearch, pooling, and system evaluation.
7: Fast and Quasi-Natural Language Search for Gigabits of Chinese Texts.
7: History repeats itself: repeat queries in Yahoo's logs.
7: Predicting good probabilities with supervised learning.
7: A framework for selective query expansion.
7: The Buddy-Tree: An Efficient and Robust Access Method for Spatial Data Base Systems.
7: Optimization of Multi-Way Join Queries for Parallel Execution.
7: Maximum Likelihood Estimation for Filtering Thresholds.
7: Specification and Management of Extended Transactions in a Programmable Transaction Environment.
7: Providing Better Support for a Class of Decision Support Queries.
7: Impedance coupling in content-targeted advertising.
7: Fast Outlier Detection in High Dimensional Spaces.
7: Managing Intra-operator Parallelism in Parallel Database Systems.
7: Compressing SQL workloads.
7: Principles of dataspace systems.
7: M-invariance: towards privacy preserving re-publication of dynamic datasets.
7: How to Extend a Conventional Optimizer to Handle One- and Two-Sided Outerjoin.
7: Probabilistic Skylines on Uncertain Data.
7: Coordinated Reinforcement Learning.
7: Performance of On-Line Index Construction Algorithms.
7: Modeling task-genre relationships for IR in the workplace.
7: Methods and metrics for cold-start recommendations.
7: Automatic Categorization of Query Results.
7: The Rufus System: Information Organization for Semi-Structured Data.
7: Rapid Bushy Join-order Optimization with Cartesian Products.
7: Redo Recovery after System Crashes.
7: Simulatable auditing.
7: Semantic Integration in Heterogeneous Databases Using Neural Networks.
7: Using Common Subexpressions to Optimize Multiple Queries.
7: Improving Index Performance through Prefetching.
7: Temporal Management of RFID Data.
7: An Architecture for Query Optimization.
7: A Methodology for View Inegration in Logical Database Design.
7: Deriving Private Information from Randomized Data.
7: Designing and Mining Multi-Terabyte Astronomy Archives: The Sloan Digital Sky Survey.
7: Constructing Efficient Decision Trees by Using Optimized Numeric Association Rules.
7: Fast Ranking in Limited Space.
7: Event threading within news topics.
7: Containment and Minimization of Positive Conjunctive Queries in OODB's.
7: Training Support Vector Machines: an Application to Face Detection.
7: Mining reference tables for automatic text segmentation.
7: Discovering complex matchings across web query interfaces: a correlation mining approach.
7: The loquacious user: a document-independent source of terms for query expansion.
7: A Performance Study of Query Optimization Algorithms on a Database System Supporting Procedures.
7: A Production Rule-Based Approach to Deductive Databases.
7: DADA: a data cube for dominant relationship analysis.
7: Detecting near-duplicates for web crawling.
7: QPipe: A Simultaneously Pipelined Relational Query Engine.
7: Generating Efficient Plans for Queries Using Views.
7: Approximate Query Processing: Taming the TeraBytes.
7: Application of an Analytical Model to Evaluate Storage Structures.
7: Unsupervised learning on k-partite graphs.
7: A Study on the Protection of Statistical Data Bases.
7: Using link analysis to improve layout on mobile devices.
7: Automatic Composition of Transition-based Semantic Web Services with Messaging.
7: Co-clustering by block value decomposition.
7: A Uniform Model for Temporal Object-Oriented Databases.
7: A Probabilistic Relational Model for the Integration of IR and Databases.
7: Infomaster: An Information Integration System.
7: Spatial Searching in Geometric Databases.
7: Pegasos: Primal Estimated sub-GrAdient SOlver for SVM.
7: Finding surprising patterns in a time series database in linear time and space.
7: Scaling up dynamic time warping for datamining applications.
7: BATON: A Balanced Tree Structure for Peer-to-Peer Networks.
7: A uniform approach to accelerated PageRank computation.
7: Comparing Hierarchical Data in External Memory.
7: Vector Space Model of Information Retrieval - A Reevaluation.
7: Web-page summarization using clickthrough data.
7: Hash-Merge Join: A Non-blocking Join Algorithm for Producing Fast and Early Join Results.
7: Parallel R-trees.
7: Data Access for the Masses through OLE DB.
7: A Method for Describing Information Required by the Database Design Process.
7: Characteristics of Scientific Databases.
7: A probabilistic model for retrospective news event detection.
7: Database Support for Efficiently Maintaining Derived Data.
7: Discovering Hierarchy in Reinforcement Learning with HEXQ.
7: A Transaction Model Supporting Complex Applications in Integrated Information Systems.
7: Cost Models DO Matter: Providing Cost Information for Diverse Data Sources in a Federated System.
7: A framework to predict the quality of answers with non-textual features.
7: Feature selection using linear classifier weights: interaction with classification models.
7: A case study in web search using TREC algorithms.
7: SETS: search enhanced by topic segmentation.
7: PRIMA - a DBMS Prototype Supporting Engineering Applications.
7: Physical Organization of Temporal Data.
7: PageRank as a function of the damping factor.
7: GraphDB: Modeling and Querying Graphs in Databases.
7: Specifying Connections for a Universal Relation Scheme Database.
7: Learning predictive state representations in dynamical systems without reset.
6: Dempster-Shafer's Theory of Evidence Applied to Structured Documents: Modelling Uncertainty.
6: Document and Passage Retrieval Based on Hidden Markov Models.
6: Aspects: Extending Objects to Support Multiple, Independent Roles.
6: Authenticating Query Results in Edge Computing.
6: A graph-theoretic approach to extract storylines from search results.
6: The XML web: a first study.
6: Main-Memory Index Structures with Fixed-Size Partial Keys.
6: Design and Implementation of an Extendible Integrity Subsystem.
6: CMD: A Multidimensional Declustering Method for Parallel Data Systems.
6: The overlap problem in content-oriented XML retrieval evaluation.
6: Transactions and Integrity Constraints.
6: Bounded Ignorance in Replicated Systems.
6: Semi-supervised learning using randomized mincuts.
6: A Model for Active Object Oriented Databases.
6: P-TAG: large scale automatic generation of personalized annotation tags for the web.
6: On the Discovery of Interesting Patterns in Association Rules.
6: Query processing of streamed XML data.
6: The multiple multiplicative factor model for collaborative filtering.
6: On Feature Distributional Clustering for Text Categorization.
6: Comparing Hybrid Peer-to-Peer Systems.
6: Learning Gaussian processes from multiple tasks.
6: TIMBER: A Sophisticated Relation Browser (Invited Paper).
6: MYSTIQ: a system for finding more answers by using probabilities.
6: Extracting sentence segments for text summarization: a machine learning approach.
6: Query Optimization for Selections Using Bitmaps.
6: Inference of Monotonicity Constraints in Datalog Programs.
6: Update Propagation Strategies for Improving the Quality of Data on the Web.
6: Lazy Updates for Distributed Search Structure.
6: Complex Aggregation at Multiple Granularities.
6: The Oracle Universal Server Buffer.
6: Verifying Completeness of Relational Query Results in Data Publishing.
6: The Lixto Data Extraction Project - Back and Forth between Theory and Practice.
6: Exploiting the hierarchical structure for link analysis.
6: Multi-Instance Kernels.
6: Empirical Comparison of Database Concurrency Schemes.
6: Graph Structured Views and Their Incremental Maintenance.
6: Order-Preserving Encryption for Numeric Data.
6: Worst-case Complexity Analysis of Methods for Logic Query Implementation.
6: Automatic detection of fragments in dynamically generated web pages.
6: Update Propagation Protocols For Replicated Databases.
6: Skyline Queries Against Mobile Lightweight Devices in MANETs.
6: Approximate XML joins.
6: Approximate Frequency Counts over Data Streams.
6: Integrity Checking in Deductive Databases.
6: The "DGX" distribution for mining massive, skewed data.
6: Statistics and Data Mining Techniques for Lifetime Value Modeling.
6: Relational Transducers for Electronic Commerce.
6: Word Sense Disambiguation for Free-text Indexing Using a Massive Semantic Network.
6: A Model of Data Distribution Based on Texture Analysis.
6: A Parallel Indexed Algorithm for Information Retrieval.
6: Dependency Networks for Relational Data.
6: Efficient Maintenance of Materialized Mediated Views.
6: Locality preserving indexing for document representation.
6: Dynamic Multi-Resource Load Balancing in Parallel Database Systems.
6: Topic-based document segmentation with probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
6: General match: a subsequence matching method in time-series databases based on generalized windows.
6: The Starburst Long Field Manager.
6: Type Inference for Queries on Semistructured Data.
6: Bringing the Internet to Your Database: Using SQLServer 2000 and XML to Build Loosely-Coupled Systems.
6: High-Dimensional OLAP: A Minimal Cubing Approach.
6: Argument Reduction by Factoring.
6: Independent Database Schemas.
6: Knowledge Mining by Imprecise Querying: A Classification-Based Approach.
6: Explaining Differences in Multidimensional Aggregates.
6: Don't Be Lazy, Be Consistent: Postgres-R, A New Way to Implement Database Replication.
6: A Data Model and Data Structures for Moving Objects Databases.
6: Mining topic-specific concepts and definitions on the web.
6: Evaluating evaluation metrics based on the bootstrap.
6: An Algebra of Quotient Relations.
6: Index Structures for Information Filtering Under the Vector Space Model.
6: HePToX: Marrying XML and Heterogeneity in Your P2P Databases.
6: Design and Analysis of Parametric Query Optimization Algorithms.
6: Distributed Indexing: A Scalable Mechanism for Distributed Information Retrieval.
6: Online duplicate document detection: signature reliability in a dynamic retrieval environment.
6: Replication and Consistency: Being Lazy Helps Sometimes.
6: A Unified Framework for Enforcing Multiple Access Control Policies.
6: Priority-Hints: An Algorithm for Priority-Based Buffer Management.
6: Bias and the limits of pooling.
6: View Representation in Logical Database Design.
6: Feature bagging for outlier detection.
6: Algorithmic detection of semantic similarity.
6: Redbrick Vista: Aggregate Computation and Management.
6: Database-friendly random projections.
6: Cost and Imprecision in Modeling the Position of Moving Objects.
6: ARIES/CSA: A Method for Database Recovery in Client-Server Architectures.
6: StatStream: Statistical Monitoring of Thousands of Data Streams in Real Time.
6: Integrating IR and RDBMS Using Cooperative Indexing.
6: Currency-Based Updates to Distributed Materialized Views.
6: Content-Based Image Retrieval Using Multiple-Instance Learning.
6: Holistic Aggregates in a Networked World: Distributed Tracking of Approximate Quantiles.
6: The Visual Display of Information in an Information Retrieval Environment.
6: Building bridges for web query classification.
6: A Divide and Conquer Bidirectional Search: First Results.
6: An Index Structure for Efficient Reverse Nearest Neighbor Queries.
6: S-Tree: A Dynamic Balanced Signature Index for Office Retrieval.
6: MARGIE: Memory Analysis Response Generation, and Inference on English.
6: Evaluating high accuracy retrieval techniques.
6: Multi-Join Optimization for Symmetric Multiprocessors.
6: Link fusion: a unified link analysis framework for multi-type interrelated data objects.
6: Gral: An Extensible Relational Database System for Geometric Applications.
6: Statistical precision of information retrieval evaluation.
6: Robustness of adaptive filtering methods in a cross-benchmark evaluation.
6: Interestingness of Discovered Association Rules in Terms of Neighborhood-Based Unexpectedness.
6: Rethinking Database System Architecture: Towards a Self-Tuning RISC-Style Database System.
6: Decision trees with minimal costs.
6: Compiling Separable Recursions.
6: Hardware Acceleration for Spatial Selections and Joins.
6: Concurrent File Reorganization for Record Clustering: A Performance Study.
6: Data Compression Support in Databases.
6: Detecting and Browsing Events in Unstructured text.
6: An Efficient Hybrid Join Algorithm: A DB2 Prototype.
6: Hypergraph Based Reorderings of Outer Join Queries with Complex Predicates.
6: Lossless Regular Views.
6: On Effective Multi-Dimensional Indexing for Strings.
6: Dynamic abstraction in reinforcement learning via clustering.
6: A New Paradigm for Parallel and Distributed Rule-Processing.
6: A Formal View Integration Method.
6: Privacy Skyline: Privacy with Multidimensional Adversarial Knowledge.
6: Moment: Maintaining Closed Frequent Itemsets over a Stream Sliding Window.
6: New approaches to support vector ordinal regression.
6: Mining frequent neighboring class sets in spatial databases.
6: Value-based web caching.
6: Using asymmetric distributions to improve text classifier probability estimates.
6: Sentiment Analyzer: Extracting Sentiments about a Given Topic using Natural Language Processing Techniques.
6: Metadata Management for Large Statistical Databases.
6: On Parallel Processing of Aggregate and Scalar Functions in Object-Relational DBMS.
6: Mining Frequent Item Sets with Convertible Constraints.
6: Efficient Indexing Methods for Probabilistic Threshold Queries over Uncertain Data.
6: Shrinking the Warehouse Update Window.
6: Experiments in Automatic Statistical Thesaurus Construction.
6: Conceptual Information Retrieval Using RUBRIC.
6: On the Integrity of Databases with Incomplete Information.
6: Finding Interesting Associations without Support Pruning.
6: Semantic Queries with Pictures: The VIMSYS Model.
6: Cooperative leases: scalable consistency maintenance in content distribution networks.
6: Parallel Query Scheduling and Optimization with Time- and Space-Shared Resources.
6: Incremental Organization for Data Recording and Warehousing.
6: Applying Update Streams in a Soft Real-Time Database System.
6: Fast Supervised Dimensionality Reduction Algorithm with Applications to Document Categorization & Retrieval.
6: An Algorithm for Ordering Subgoals in NAIL!
6: Streaming Pattern Discovery in Multiple Time-Series.
6: Unsupervised document classification using sequential information maximization.
6: On Efficient Matching of Streaming XML Documents and Queries.
6: Rewriting XPath Queries Using Materialized Views.
6: Restricted Boltzmann machines for collaborative filtering.
6: Finding k-dominant skylines in high dimensional space.
6: Efficient search for association rules.
6: 2D Conditional Random Fields for Web information extraction.
6: Database System Issues in Nomadic Computing.
6: Generic Summaries for Indexing in Information Retrieval.
6: Conversation specification: a new approach to design and analysis of e-service composition.
6: Thresher: automating the unwrapping of semantic content from the World Wide Web.
6: Hybrid-Range Partitioning Strategy: A New Declustering Strategy for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
6: Incremental and Interactive Sequence Mining.
6: Active learning using adaptive resampling.
6: Document Classification Through Interactive Supervision of Document and Term Labels.
6: Multiple Query Processing in Deductive Databases using Query Graphs.
6: Learning String Edit Distance.
6: Recovering Information from Summary Data.
6: Time and sample efficient discovery of Markov blankets and direct causal relations.
6: Efficient co-regularised least squares regression.
6: Efficient processing of XML twig patterns with parent child edges: a look-ahead approach.
6: Aggregation and Relevance in Deductive Databases.
6: A Language and a Physical Organization Technique for Summary Tables.
6: Latent Semantic Kernels.
6: Queries with Incomplete Answers over Semistructured Data.
6: Ski: A Semantics-Knowledgeable Interface.
6: Dependency Satisfaction in Databases with Incomplete Information.
6: Querying with Intrinsic Preferences.
6: Density Biased Sampling: An Improved Method for Data Mining and Clustering.
6: Integrating SQL Databases with Content-Specific Search Engines.
6: Constraint Equations: Declarative Expression of Constraints With Automatic Enforcement.
6: An Abstract Introduction to the Temporal-Hierarchic Data Model (THM).
6: Continuously Maintaining Quantile Summaries of the Most Recent N Elements over a Data Stream.
6: Typing and querying XML documents: some complexity bounds.
6: Implementation of Magic-sets in a Relational Database System.
6: Planning in a Hierarchy of Abstraction Spaces.
6: Bursty and hierarchical structure in streams.
6: Linear Structure in Information Retrieval.
6: Prefetching from Broadcast Disks.
6: Random Sampling from Hash Files.
6: Performing Inferences over Relation Data Bases.
6: Pushing Constraint Selections.
6: Design and Maintenance of Data-Intensive Web Sites.
6: Learning random walk models for inducing word dependency distributions.
6: Improved Hierarchical Bit-Vector Compression in Document Retrieval Systems.
6: The Case For Safe RAM.
6: The Maximum Entropy Principle in Information Retrieval.
6: A kernel view of the dimensionality reduction of manifolds.
6: The rate adapting poisson model for information retrieval and object recognition.
6: Supervised versus multiple instance learning: an empirical comparison.
6: High dimensional reverse nearest neighbor queries.
6: An Adaptive Hash Join Algorithm for Multiuser Environments.
6: DTL's DataSpot: Database Exploration Using Plain Language.
6: Anonymizing sequential releases.
6: Traversing Itemset Lattice with Statistical Metric Pruning.
6: Bootstrap Methods for the Cost-Sensitive Evaluation of Classifiers.
6: Latent concept expansion using markov random fields.
6: A Prime Number Labeling Scheme for Dynamic Ordered XML Trees.
6: Improving Short-Text Classification using Unlabeled Data for Classification Problems.
6: Performance Enhancement Through Replication in an Object-Oriented DBMS.
6: Rule Languages and Internal Algebras for Rule-Based Optimizers.
6: Phrase Recognition and Expansion for Short, Precision-Biased Queries Based on a Query Log.
6: Multiple-View Self-Maintenance in Data Warehousing Environments.
6: Data delivery in a service-oriented world: the BEA aquaLogic data services platform.
6: Dependency Inference.
6: POLYPHONET: an advanced social network extraction system from the web.
6: Towards Language Independent Automated Learning of Text Categorisation Models.
6: SVP: A Model Capturing Sets, Lists, Streams, and Parallelism.
6: Integrating Vertical and Horizontal Partitioning Into Automated Physical Database Design.
6: PolicyBlocks: An Algorithm for Creating Useful Macro-Actions in Reinforcement Learning.
6: On Relevance Weights with Little Relevance Information.
6: Generative model-based clustering of directional data.
6: Full-fledged Algebraic XPath Processing in Natix.
6: A Performance Study of Alternative Object Faulting and Pointer Swizzling Strategies.
6: Minimum and Maximum Predicates in Logic Programming.
6: Capturing collection size for distributed non-cooperative retrieval.
6: Image Retrieval by Hypertext Links.
6: Liberal relevance criteria of TREC -: counting on negligible documents?.
6: Inducing Cost-Sensitive Trees via Instance Weighting.
6: Sic transit gloria telae: towards an understanding of the web's decay.
6: Workload-aware anonymization.
6: H-trees: A Dynamic Associative Search Index for OODB.
6: Deformable Markov model templates for time-series pattern matching.
6: Friend-or-Foe Q-learning in General-Sum Games.
6: On Being Optimistic about Real-Time Constraints.
6: High accuracy retrieval with multiple nested ranker.
6: On the Application of Syntactic Methodologies in Automatic Text Analysis.
6: DIRT @SBT@discovery of inference rules from text.
6: Supporting Fine-grained Data Lineage in a Database Visualization Environment.
6: Computing Temporal Aggregates.
6: What Happens During a Join? Dissecting CPU and Memory Optimization Effects.
6: Automatic Indexing Based on Bayesian Inference Networks.
6: Managing information extraction: state of the art and research directions.
6: Supporting Lists in a Data Model (A Timely Approach).
6: A Low-Cost Storage Server for Movie on Demand Databases.
6: Learning Comprehensible Descriptions of Multivariate Time Series.
6: Discriminative Reranking for Natural Language Parsing.
6: A Probabilistic Model for Distributed Information Retrieval.
6: Updates of Relational Views.
6: DBMS Research at a Crossroads: The Vienna Update.
6: The impact of caching on search engines.
6: Refining Initial Points for K-Means Clustering.
6: Spark: top-k keyword query in relational databases.
6: Hash Joins and Hash Teams in Microsoft SQL Server.
6: Application specific data replication for edge services.
6: Flattening an Object Algebra to Provide Performance.
6: High-performance complex event processing over streams.
6: A semantic approach to contextual advertising.
6: FALCON: Feedback Adaptive Loop for Content-Based Retrieval.
6: Learning Decision Lists Using Homogeneous Rules.
6: Performance Evaluation of a Distributed Architecture for Information Retrieval.
6: Unifying user-based and item-based collaborative filtering approaches by similarity fusion.
6: Semi-supervised graph clustering: a kernel approach.
6: An exploration of axiomatic approaches to information retrieval.
6: Self-taught learning: transfer learning from unlabeled data.
6: Cranking: Combining Rankings Using Conditional Probability Models on Permutations.
6: On the Complexity of the Containment Problem for Conjunctive Queries with Built-in Predicates.
6: Efficient Batch Top-k Search for Dictionary-based Entity Recognition.
6: A refinement approach to handling model misfit in text categorization.
6: FreeSpan: frequent pattern-projected sequential pattern mining.
6: Knowledge-based Integrity Constraint Validation.
6: An Efficient and Versatile Query Engine for TopX Search.
6: Using annotations in enterprise search.
6: Can we push more constraints into frequent pattern mining?
6: Frequent term-based text clustering.
6: XBench Benchmark and Performance Testing of XML DBMSs.
6: High-performing feature selection for text classification.
6: SPIDER: A Multiuser Information Retrieval System for Semistructured and Dynamic Data.
6: The Parallel Complexity of Simple Chain Queries.
6: User-Oriented Document Clustering: A Framework for Learning in Information Retrieval.
6: Optimizing Boolean Expressions in Object-Bases.
6: Speculative Data Dissemination and Service to Reduce Server Load, Network Traffic and Service Time in Distributed Information Systems.
6: Aggregation-based feature invention and relational concept classes.
6: A Blackboard Architecture for Query Optimization in Object Bases.
6: Memory-Adaptive External Sorting.
6: The TP-Index: A Dynamic and Efficient Indexing Mechanism for Temporal Databases.
6: Highly-Available, Fault-Tolerant, Parallel Dataflows.
6: An Evaluation of Term Dependence Models in Information Retrieval.
6: A Performance Analysis of Alternative Multi-Attribute Declustering Strategies.
6: Mind Your Vocabulary: Query Mapping Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
6: Bead: Explorations in Information Visualization.
6: Algorithms for Flexible Space Management in Transaction Systems Supporting Fine-Granularity Locking.
6: Cover trees for nearest neighbor.
6: Warehousing and Analyzing Massive RFID Data Sets.
6: Signature files: Design and Performance Comparison of Some Signature Extraction Methods.
6: Optimal and Approximate Computation of Summary Statistics for Range Aggregates.
6: Typechecking for XML Transformers.
6: First Order Logic Formalization for Functional, Multivalued and Mutual Dependencies.
6: Semantic analytics on social networks: experiences in addressing the problem of conflict of interest detection.
6: A Logical-Level Approach to Data Base Conversion.
6: A Metadata Approach to Resolving Semantic Conflicts.
6: SQL/XNF - Processing Composite Objects as Abstractions over Relational Data.
6: Training conditional random fields via gradient tree boosting.
6: A Peer-to-peer Framework for Caching Range Queries.
6: Discriminative learning for differing training and test distributions.
6: Tractable Query Languages for Complex Object Databases.
6: Netserf: Using Semantic Knowledge to Find Internet Information Archives.
6: Link Spam Alliances.
6: Accelerated training of conditional random fields with stochastic gradient methods.
6: Personalized query expansion for the web.
6: Extending XQuery for Analytics.
6: Incorporating quality metrics in centralized/distributed information retrieval on the World Wide Web.
6: A hybrid approach for searching in the semantic web.
6: Towards Self-Tuning Data Placement in Parallel Database Systems.
6: Modelling Information Preserving Databases: Consequences of the Concept of Time.
6: Collective multi-label classification.
6: Capturing both Types and Constraints in Data Integration.
6: FTW: fast similarity search under the time warping distance.
6: DB2 Design Advisor: Integrated Automatic Physical Database Design.
6: Unified utility maximization framework for resource selection.
6: Exploiting a support-based upper bound of Pearson's correlation coefficient for efficiently identifying strongly correlated pairs.
6: Statistical Relational Learning for Document Mining.
6: Daytona And The Fourth-Generation Language Cymbal.
6: Query Processing Algorithms for Temporal Intersection Joins.
6: Design and Implementation of the Glue-Nail Database System.
6: SemCast: Semantic Multicast for Content-based Data Dissemination.
5: The New Casper: Query Processing for Location Services without Compromising Privacy.
5: A New Algorithm for Computing Joins with Grid Files.
5: Ensemble selection from libraries of models.
5: Locally Weighted Projection Regression: Incremental Real Time Learning in High Dimensional Space.
5: Simlarity Search for Web Services.
5: Rapid detection of significant spatial clusters.
5: Improving Automatic Query Classification via Semi-Supervised Learning.
5: Event-Join Optimization in Temporal Relational Databases.
5: Constructing informative priors using transfer learning.
5: Discovery of Surprising Exception Rules Based on Intensity of Implication.
5: High Performance Question/Answering.
5: Formal Model of Correctness Without Serializability.
5: Large scale semi-supervised linear SVMs.
5: Updating Relational Databases through Object-Based Views.
5: Extracting Semi-Structured Data Through Examples.
5: Detecting Concept Drift with Support Vector Machines.
5: Reusing Invariants: A New Strategy for Correlated Queries.
5: A Process Model of Cased-Based Reasoning in Problem Solving.
5: Logic Programming as Constructivism: A Formalization and its Application to Databases.
5: Efficient Allocation Algorithms for OLAP Over Imprecise Data.
5: Conjunctive Selection Conditions in Main Memory.
5: Boosting for transfer learning.
5: Exploiting Clustering and Phrases for Context-based Information Retrieval.
5: Engineering and hosting adaptive freshness-sensitive web applications on data centers.
5: Query Execution in DIRECT.
5: Concept-based interactive query expansion.
5: Parameter Free Bursty Events Detection in Text Streams.
5: Selectivity Estimation for String Predicates: Overcoming the Underestimation Problem.
5: A Retrieval Model Based on an Extended Modal Logic and its Application to the RIME Experimental Approach.
5: MaPle: A Fast Algorithm for Maximal Pattern-based Clustering.
5: A theoretical analysis of Model-Based Interval Estimation.
5: Combining Model-Oriented and Description-Oriented Approaches for Probabilistic Indexing.
5: Constant Time Maintenance or The Triumph of the fd.
5: IBM's Relational DBMS Products: Features and Technologies.
5: XML with Data Values: Typechecking Revisited.
5: Magic Counting Methods.
5: Dead-End Driven Learning.
5: A Modular Query Optimizer Generator.
5: Distributed Algorithms for Dynamic Replication of Data.
5: A search engine for natural language applications.
5: On Verifying Consistency of XML Specifications.
5: ARIES/LHS: A Concurrency Control and Recovery Method Using Write-Ahead Logging for Linear Hashing with Separators.
5: A Temporal Model and Query Language for ER Databases.
5: The XXL search engine: ranked retrieval of XML data using indexes and ontologies.
5: Multi-Disk B-trees.
5: Detecting phrase-level duplication on the world wide web.
5: A Performance Comparison of Two Architectures for Fast Transaction Processing.
5: Evaluating User Interfaces to Information Retrieval Systems: A Case Study on User Support.
5: Estimation of Query-Result Distribution and its Application in Parallel-Join Load Balancing.
5: A Loosely-Coupled Integration of a Text Retrieval System and an Object-Oriented Database System.
5: Data-Driven, One-To-One Web Site Generation for Data-Intensive Applications.
5: Selectivity Estimation in the Presence of Alphanumeric Correlations.
5: FARMER: Finding Interesting Rule Groups in Microarray Datasets.
5: Ontology-Based Extraction and Structuring of Information from Data-Rich Unstructured Documents.
5: The Well-Founded Semantics of Aggregation.
5: Variational Extensions to EM and Multinomial PCA.
5: Learning effective ranking functions for newsgroup search.
5: Using SQL to Build New Aggregates and Extenders for Object- Relational Systems.
5: Static Optimization of Conjunctive Queries with Sliding Windows Over Infinite Streams.
5: Multi-dimensional Resource Scheduling for Parallel Queries.
5: Document clustering with cluster refinement and model selection capabilities.
5: Topic themes for multi-document summarization.
5: Block Oriented Processing of Relational Database Operations in Modern Computer Architectures.
5: OLAP and Statistical Databases: Similarities and Differences.
5: Information Dependencies.
5: Increasing Availability in Partitioned Database Systems.
5: Semantic Query Optimization for Object Databases.
5: Privacy-preserving Bayesian network structure computation on distributed heterogeneous data.
5: Mining asynchronous periodic patterns in time series data.
5: Mining Features for Sequence Classification.
5: A Low Communication Sort Algorithm for a Parallel Database Machine.
5: Unsupervised Learning: Self-aggregation in Scaled Principal Component Space.
5: The Power of Sampling in Knowledge Discovery.
5: Peer data exchange.
5: High-Performance Sorting on Networks of Workstations.
5: Document clustering with committees.
5: A Framework for Measuring Changes in Data Characteristics.
5: Right-, left- and multi-linear rule transformations that maintain context information.
5: Proactive Re-optimization.
5: Dynamic Voting.
5: A scalable hash ripple join algorithm.
5: Concurrency on High-trafic Data Elements.
5: The Data Management Facilities of PLAIN.
5: Compatible Attributes in a Universal Relation.
5: Mining, indexing, and querying historical spatiotemporal data.
5: Capability Based Mediation in TSIMMIS.
5: Anti-aliasing on the web.
5: Linear prediction models with graph regularization for web-page categorization.
5: A scalable modular convex solver for regularized risk minimization.
5: DataBlitz Storage Manager: Main Memory Database Performance for Critical Applications.
5: Cache-conscious Frequent Pattern Mining on a Modern Processor.
5: Extracting Concurrency from Objects: A Methodology.
5: Learning search engine specific query transformations for question answering.
5: Conditional Selectivity for Statistics on Query Expressions.
5: The LyriC Language: Querying Constraint Objects.
5: Implementation of a Prototype Generalized File Translator.
5: Mapping a Semantic Database Model to the Relational Model.
5: Causal Approximations.
5: Improving Hash Join Performance through Prefetching.
5: Managing Semantic Heterogeneity with Production Rules and Persistent Queues.
5: BLINKS: ranked keyword searches on graphs.
5: An Outline of a General Model for Information Retrieval Systems.
5: Fast and practical indexing and querying of very large graphs.
5: Relational Expressive Power of Constraint Query Languages.
5: Contrast Plots and P-Sphere Trees: Space vs. Time in Nearest Neighbour Searches.
5: Unsupervised learning of soft patterns for generating definitions from online news.
5: Parallel crawlers.
5: Harmonic mixtures: combining mixture models and graph-based methods for inductive and scalable semi-supervised learning.
5: Replication, Consistency, and Practicality: Are These Mutually Exclusive?
5: Context Interchange: Overcoming the Challenges of Large-Scale Interoperable Database Systems in a Dynamic Environment.
5: Range Nesting: A Fast Method to Evaluate Quantified Queries.
5: Online and batch learning of pseudo-metrics.
5: Modeling word burstiness using the Dirichlet distribution.
5: Maximally joining probabilistic data.
5: The MD-join: An Operator for Complex OLAP.
5: Ranking robustness: a novel framework to predict query performance.
5: The Garlic Project.
5: Exploring the community structure of newsgroups.
5: Less is more: probabilistic models for retrieving fewer relevant documents.
5: Generating Summaries of Multiple News Articles.
5: The Automatic Construction of Large-Scale Corpora for Summarization Research.
5: Cluster-Based Text Categorization: A Comparison of Category Search Strategies.
5: Mining Top-k Covering Rule Groups for Gene Expression Data.
5: Random projection in dimensionality reduction: applications to image and text data.
5: Supporting ad-hoc ranking aggregates.
5: Turbo-charging Vertical Mining of Large Databases.
5: Combining Multiple Evidence from Different Types of Thesaurus for Query Expansion.
5: Superdatabases for Composition of Heterogeneous Databases.
5: Use of Syntactic Context to Produce Term Association Lists for Text Retrieval.
5: Privacy Preserving Data Classification with Rotation Perturbation.
5: Comparing cross-language query expansion techniques by degrading translation resources.
5: Optimization of Run-time Management of Data Intensive Web-sites.
5: Computing Clusters of Correlation Connected Objects.
5: Experiments in Meta-level Learning with ILP.
5: Time Series Segmentation for Context Recognition in Mobile Devices.
5: Database Relations with Null Values.
5: Methods for the Administration of Textual Data in Database Systems.
5: A High Performance Configurable Storage Manager.
5: H-Mine: Hyper-Structure Mining of Frequent Patterns in Large Databases.
5: A Theory of Term Weighting Based on Exploratory Data Analysis.
5: High Dimensional Similarity Joins: Algorithms and Performance Evaluation.
5: Windows on the World.
5: Reconciling while tolerating disagreement in collaborative data sharing.
5: Checking for k-Anonymity Violation by Views.
5: Multi-Dimensional Clustering: A New Data Layout Scheme in DB2.
5: Coupled hidden Markov models for complex action recognition.
5: Design and Implementation of an Extensible Database Management System Supporting User Defined Data Types and Functions.
5: Dual-Buffering Strategies in Object Bases.
5: Managing Persistent Objects in a Multi-Level Store.
5: Scalable collaborative filtering using cluster-based smoothing.
5: Incremental test collections.
5: Finding high-quality content in social media.
5: XCache: a semantic caching system for XML queries.
5: Online Choice of Active Learning Algorithms.
5: Exploiting the Cost (In)sensitivity of Decision Tree Splitting Criteria.
5: Dynamic Sample Selection for Approximate Query Processing.
5: Multiple Instance Regression.
5: GaP: a factor model for discrete data.
5: FOIL: A Midterm Report.
5: Collaborative filtering via gaussian probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
5: Design, implementation, and evaluation of the linear road bnchmark on the stream processing core.
5: Semantic web support for the business-to-business e-commerce lifecycle.
5: Magnet: Supporting Navigation in Semistructured Data Environments.
5: Memory-Contention Responsive Hash Joins.
5: Integrated Information Retrieval in a Knowledge Worker Support System.
5: Relevance Feedback With Too Much Data.
5: Generalized low rank approximations of matrices.
5: Estimating the Generalization Performance of an SVM Efficiently.
5: Improving mobile internet usability.
5: EROC: A Toolkit for Building NEATO Query Optimizers.
5: On demand classification of data streams.
5: Server selection methods in hybrid portal search.
5: Evaluating similarity measures: a large-scale study in the orkut social network.
5: Kernels for Semi-Structured Data.
5: Atomic Wedgie: Efficient Query Filtering for Streaming Times Series.
5: Graph-Theoretic Methods in Database Theory.
5: A Layered Architecture for Querying Dynamic Web Content.
5: Experiments with Noise Filtering in a Medical Domain.
5: Compression of Concordances in Full-Text Retrieval Systems.
5: The Complexity of Transformation-Based Join Enumeration.
5: Some Performance Results on Recursive Query Processing in Relational Database Systems.
5: Implementation of Two Semantic Query Optimization Techniques in DB2 Universal Database.
5: Inference of Concise DTDs from XML Data.
5: Linearizing Nonlinear Recursions in Polynomial Time.
5: Incremental Learning in SwiftFile.
5: WebViews: accessing personalized web content and services.
5: DogmatiX Tracks down Duplicates in XML.
5: LH* - Linear Hashing for Distributed Files.
5: Simultaneous record detection and attribute labeling in web data extraction.
5: OdeView: The Graphical Interface to Ode.
5: Relaxed online SVMs for spam filtering.
5: Object Placement in Parallel Hypermedia Systems.
5: PESTO : An Integrated Query/Browser for Object Databases.
5: A Statistical Interface for Historical Relational Databases.
5: An Improved Boosting Algorithm and its Application to Text Categorization.
5: Fast vertical mining using diffsets.
5: Broad expertise retrieval in sparse data environments.
5: External Memory Algorithms.
5: Towards a Real Horn Clause Language.
5: Toward a unification of text and link analysis.
5: Metasearch Consistency.
5: Query Processing Strategies in the PASCAL/R Relational Database Management System.
5: A System for Semantic Query Optimization.
5: Active exploration for learning rankings from clickthrough data.
5: A Web Odyssey: From Codd to XML.
5: Incorporating Syntactic Information into a Document Retrieval Strategy: An Investigation.
5: Prcis: The Essence of a Query Answer.
5: Maintaining Data Privacy in Association Rule Mining.
5: Querying Constraints.
5: Evaluating Topic-Driven Web Crawlers.
5: Information Retrieval using a Singular Value Decomposition Model of Latent Semantic Structure.
5: Variational methods for the Dirichlet process.
5: Supporting Flat Relations by a Nested Relational Kernel.
5: Dynamic File Allocation in Disk Arrays.
5: Fg-index: towards verification-free query processing on graph databases.
5: Dimensionality Reduction and Similarity Computation by Inner Product Approximations.
5: The Identification of Important Concepts in Highly Structured Technical Papers.
5: A Query Processing Strategy for the Decomposed Storage Model.
5: Active Learning for Natural Language Parsing and Information Extraction.
5: Deriving marketing intelligence from online discussion.
5: Probabilistic Document Indexing from Relevance Feedback Data.
5: Quantitative Results Concerning the Utility of Explanation-Based Learning.
5: Efficient Complex Query Support for Multiversion XML Documents.
5: The MAXQ Method for Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
5: Mining the Web for Answers to Natural Language Questions.
5: Learning to advertise.
5: Pruning Adaptive Boosting.
5: Learning structured prediction models: a large margin approach.
5: Similarity measures for tracking information flow.
5: A Comparative Study of Cost-Sensitive Boosting Algorithms.
5: Normal Forms and Conservative Properties for Query Languages over Collection Types.
5: Design and Evaluation of Parallel Pipelined Join Algorithms.
5: Interestingness of frequent itemsets using Bayesian networks as background knowledge.
5: Yahoo! As an Ontology: Using Yahoo! Categories to Describe Documents.
5: Adaptive Processing of Top-K Queries in XML.
5: From Region Encoding To Extended Dewey: On Efficient Processing of XML Twig Pattern Matching.
5: Fast mining of spatial collocations.
5: The Impact of Recovery on Concurrency Control.
5: Modeling Class Hierarchies with Contradictions.
5: Scalable Semantic Web Data Management Using Vertical Partitioning.
5: Query Optimization for CODASYL Database Systems.
5: Learning to rank networked entities.
5: User-Specified Domain Knowledge for Document Retrieval.
5: Turning CARTwheels: an alternating algorithm for mining redescriptions.
5: Managing Trust in a Peer-2-Peer Information System.
5: A Maximum Entropy Approach to Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
5: On Chinese Text Retrieval.
5: Complex Spatial Relationships.
5: Provenance semirings.
5: A Sampling-Based Approach to Optimizing Top-k Queries in Sensor Networks.
5: A Verifier for Interactive, Data-Driven Web Applications.
5: TelegraphCQ: Continuous Dataflow Processing.
5: Storage Reclamation and Reorganization in Client-Server Persistent Object Stores.
5: On Efficiently Implementing SchemaSQL on an SQL Database System.
5: The Performance of a Multiversion Access Method.
5: Building Structured Web Community Portals: A Top-Down, Compositional, and Incremental Approach.
5: A continuation method for semi-supervised SVMs.
5: Matching and Indexing Sequences of Different Lengths.
5: The Accessibility Dimension for Structured Document Retrieval.
5: Fast Computation of Database Operations using Graphics Processors.
5: Anomaly Detection over Noisy Data using Learned Probability Distributions.
5: Partition Semantics for Relations.
5: A New Way to Compute the Product and Join of Relations.
5: Evaluation of Database Recursive Logic Programs as Recurrent Function Series.
5: Monadic Datalog and the Expressive Power of Languages for Web Information Extraction.
5: Visual Classification: An Interactive Approach to Decision Tree Construction.
5: Computation of Term Associations by a Neural Network.
5: Algebraic Properties of Bag Data Types.
5: On the Sequencing of Tree Structures for XML Indexing.
5: ObjectRank: Authority-Based Keyword Search in Databases.
5: Structure and Content Scoring for XML.
5: Knowledge Discovery from Telecommunication Network Alarm Databases.
5: Evaluation of Item-Based Top-N Recommendation Algorithms.
5: A Comparison of Selectivity Estimators for Range Queries on Metric Attributes.
5: Iterative Clustering of High Dimensional Text Data Augmented by Local Search.
5: Chained Declustering: A New Availability Strategy for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
5: GPUTeraSort: high performance graphics co-processor sorting for large database management.
5: Bayesian sparse sampling for on-line reward optimization.
5: Making Better Use of Global Discretization.
5: The Time Index: An Access Structure for Temporal Data.
5: Duality-Based Subsequence Matching in Time-Series Databases.
5: BLAS: An Efficient XPath Processing System.
5: A large-scale study of the evolution of web pages.
5: A Paradigm for Concurrency Control in Heterogeneous Distributed Database Systems.
5: A Meta-Learning Approach for Text Categorization.
5: Query Execution Assurance for Outsourced Databases.
5: LinkClus: Efficient Clustering via Heterogeneous Semantic Links.
5: Dynamic and Load-balanced Task-Oriented Datbase Query Processing in Parallel Systems.
5: Globally Order Preserving Multidimensional Linear Hashing.
5: Active Feature-Value Acquisition for Classifier Induction.
5: Efficient Locking and Caching of Data in the Multisystem Shard Disks Transaction Environment.
5: Semantic term matching in axiomatic approaches to information retrieval.
5: Clustering Large Datasets in Arbitrary Metric Spaces.
5: Automating Statistics Management for Query Optimizers.
5: Progressive Distributed Top k Retrieval in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
5: Toward Logical Data Independence: A Relational Query Language Without Relations.
5: The R-File: An Efficient Access Structure for Proximity Queries.
5: Fractal prefetching BTrees: optimizing both cache and disk performance.
5: Intra-Transaction Parallelism in the Mapping of an Object Model to a Relational Multi-Processor System.
5: Archiving scientific data.
5: Creating and Evaluating Multi-Document Sentence Extract Summaries.
5: Autonomously semantifying wikipedia.
5: Coalescing in Temporal Databases.
5: Algorithms for Mining Association Rules for Binary Segmentations of Huge Categorical Databases.
5: A Language for Manipulating Arrays.
5: Modelling Summary Data.
5: Schema Summarization.
5: A Normal Form for XML Documents.
5: Trajectory Clustering with Mixtures of Regression Models.
5: On deep annotation.
5: The Araneus Web-Base Management System.
5: An automatic weighting scheme for collaborative filtering.
5: The complexity of data exchange.
5: Buffering in query evaluation over XML streams.
5: Multi-structural databases.
5: On the Complexity of the View-Selection Problem.
5: A Circumscriptive Theorem Prover.
5: Autonomous shaping: knowledge transfer in reinforcement learning.
5: Texture Features and Learning Similarity.
5: MTCache: Transparent Mid-Tier Database Caching in SQL Server.
5: Spectral Bloom Filters.
5: Optimization strategies for complex queries.
5: Approximate Data Collection in Sensor Networks using Probabilistic Models.
5: A Comparison of Search Term Weighting: Term Relevance vs. Inverse Document Frequency.
5: Object-Oriented Database Support for Software Environments.
5: Comparing Interactive Information Retrieval systems Across Sites: The TREC-6 Interactive Track Matrix Experiment.
5: Specification and Verification of Data-driven Web Services.
5: Join Strategies on KB-Tree Indexed Relations.
5: Scheduling Problems in Parallel Query Optimization.
5: Global partial orders from sequential data.
5: Native Xquery processing in oracle XMLDB.
5: Characterizing Memory Requirements for Queries over Continuous Data Streams.
5: A Foundation for Evolution from Relational to Object Databases.
5: Querying multiple sets of discovered rules.
5: Filter Trees for Managing Spatial Data over a Range of Size Granularities
5: Knowledge Acquisition form Examples Vis Multiple Models.
5: Expiring Data in a Warehouse.
5: Pruning Decision Trees with Misclassification Costs.
5: Query length in interactive information retrieval.
5: An Optimistic Commit Protocol for Distributed Transaction Management.
5: Correlation-based Feature Selection for Discrete and Numeric Class Machine Learning.
5: Preference learning with Gaussian processes.
5: Term proximity scoring for ad-hoc retrieval on very large text collections.
5: Epidemic Algorithms in Replicated Databases (Extended Abstract).
5: U-DBMS: A Database System for Managing Constantly-Evolving Data.
5: The relationship between IR effectiveness measures and user satisfaction.
5: Learning low-rank kernel matrices.
5: Development of a Multimedia Information System for an Office Environment.
5: Safely and Efficiently Updating References During On-line Reorganization.
5: High-Availability Algorithms for Distributed Stream Processing.
5: Dynamic authenticated index structures for outsourced databases.
5: Adaptive and Automated Index Selection in RDBMS.
5: ViewSystem: Integrating Heterogeneous Information Bases by Object-Oriented Views.
5: Evolutionary spectral clustering by incorporating temporal smoothness.
5: Configurable indexing and ranking for XML information retrieval.
5: Learning Belief Networks in the Presence of Missing Values and Hidden Variables.
5: WebCQ: Detecting and Delivering Information Changes on the Web.
5: BOXes: Efficient Maintenance of Order-Based Labeling for Dynamic XML Data.
5: DOT: A Spatial Access Method Using Fractals.
5: Using the fractal dimension to cluster datasets.
5: A large-scale evaluation and analysis of personalized search strategies.
5: Memory Management During Run Generation in External Sorting.
5: The relationship between Precision-Recall and ROC curves.
5: A Relationship Mechanism for a Strongly Typed Object-Oriented Database Programming Language.
5: Holistic UDAFs at streaming speeds.
5: Functional Models for Regression Tree Leaves.
5: Web montage: a dynamic personalized start page.
5: Experimental Evaluation of Real-Time Optimistic Concurrency Control Schemes.
5: Local methods for estimating pagerank values.
5: Declustering Using Error Correcting Codes.
5: Regularized multi--task learning.
5: Choosing a View Update Translator by Dialog at View Definition Time.
5: Finding experts in community-based question-answering services.
5: Monitoring Database Objects.
5: Cross-language text classification.
5: CrossMine: Efficient Classification Across Multiple Database Relations.
5: Identifying comparative sentences in text documents.
5: An Efficient SQL-based RDF Querying Scheme.
5: MARK: a boosting algorithm for heterogeneous kernel models.
5: Querying Logical Databases.
5: Maintenance of Materialized Views of Sampling Queries.
5: A nonparametric hierarchical bayesian framework for information filtering.
5: On the Relative Cost of Sampling for Join Selectivity Estimation.
5: Improved annotation of the blogosphere via autotagging and hierarchical clustering.
5: Global Memory Management in Client-Server Database Architectures.
5: Theory of Database Queries.
5: Intelligent crawling on the World Wide Web with arbitrary predicates.
5: Translation and Optimization of Logic Queries: The Algebraic Approach.
5: Efficient Index Structures for String Databases.
5: Answering Top-k Queries with Multi-Dimensional Selections: The Ranking Cube Approach.
5: SoftRank: optimizing non-smooth rank metrics.
5: Extracting semantic relations from query logs.
5: Dynamically maintaining frequent items over a data stream.
5: The Interpolation-Based Grid File.
5: Generalized Version Control in an Object-Oriented Database.
5: The Nearest Neighbour Problem in Information Retrieval: An Algorithm Using Upperbounds.
5: Information retrieval on the semantic web.
5: Combining Multiple Weak Clusterings.
5: Dual Labeling: Answering Graph Reachability Queries in Constant Time.
5: Fast Algorithms For Hierarchical Range Histogram Construction.
5: Indexing Multiple Sets.
5: Probabilistic combination of text classifiers using reliability indicators: models and results.
5: Preliminary Design of ADMS: A Workstation-Mainframe Integrated Architecture for Database Management Systems.
5: Optimal kernel selection in Kernel Fisher discriminant analysis.
5: Efficient Snapshot Differential Algorithms for Data Warehousing.
5: Toward Practical Constraint Databases.
5: Statistical cross-language information retrieval using n-best query translations.
5: Continuous monitoring of top-k queries over sliding windows.
5: Retrieval Activities in a Database Consisting of Heterogeneous Collections of Structured Text.
5: Robust classification of rare queries using web knowledge.
5: Increasing the Accuracy and Coverage of SQL Progress Indicators.
5: Detecting Change in Data Streams.
5: Adaptive Load Control in Transaction Processing Systems.
5: Scheduling Real-Time Transactions with Disk Resident Data.
5: Fast Text Access Methods for Optical and Large Magnetic Disks: Designs and Performance Comparison.
5: Least-Squares Temporal Difference Learning.
5: Implementation of a Compiler for a Semantic Data Model: Experiences with Taxis.
5: Spectral feature selection for supervised and unsupervised learning.
5: WOL: A Language for Database Transformations and Constraints.
5: Spoken document retrieval from call-center conversations.
5: Process And Dataflow Control In Distributed Data-Intensive Systems.
5: Recognition of Common Areas in a Web Page Using Visual Information: a possible application in a page classification.
5: FastSort: A Distributed Single-Input Single-Output External Sort.
5: Real-World MVD's.
5: Efficient k-NN search on vertically decomposed data.
5: Online Event-driven Subsequence Matching over Financial Data Streams.
5: Effective Clustering of Complex Objects in Object-Oriented Databases.
5: NCR 3700 - The Next-Generation Industrial Database Computer.
5: Clustering moving objects.
5: Mining coherent gene clusters from gene-sample-time microarray data.
5: A System for Discovering Relationships by Feature Extraction from Text Databases.
5: ProbFuse: a probabilistic approach to data fusion.
5: Persistent Applications Using Generalized Redo Recovery.
4: Mining long-term search history to improve search accuracy.
4: PREDATOR: An OR-DBMS with Enhanced Data Types.
4: Distributed Hypertext Resource Discovery Through Examples.
4: Embedding Expert Knowledge and Hypothetical Data Bases Into a Data Base System.
4: Interconnection semantics for keyword search in XML.
4: Investigating Aboutness Axioms using Information Fields.
4: Temporal Logic & Historical Databases.
4: Mining models of human activities from the web.
4: Incomplete Information in Relational Temporal Databases.
4: Filtering with Approximate Predicates.
4: A Framework for the Parallel Processing of Datalog Queries.
4: Performance Evaluation of Semantics-based Multilevel Concurrency Control Protocols.
4: Updating a Relational Database through a Universal Schema Interface.
4: On the effectiveness of evaluating retrieval systems in the absence of relevance judgments.
4: A Deductive Data Model for Query Expansion.
4: Reading Time, Scrolling and Interaction: Exploring Implicit Sources of User Preferences for Relevant Feedback.
4: On the Evaluation of Boolean Operators in the Extended Boolean Retrieval Framework.
4: A Transactional Nested Process Management System.
4: Adaptive Locking Strategies in a Multi-node Data Sharing Environment.
4: Star-Cubing: Computing Iceberg Cubes by Top-Down and Bottom-Up Integration.
4: ViPER: augmenting automatic information extraction with visual perceptions.
4: Page-level template detection via isotonic smoothing.
4: Tree Logical Classes for Efficient Evaluation of XQuery.
4: New Techniques for Open-Vocabulary Spoken Document Retrieval.
4: Tractable learning of large Bayes net structures from sparse data.
4: The DEDALE System for Complex Spatial Queries.
4: GESS: a scalable similarity-join algorithm for mining large data sets in high dimensional spaces.
4: Practical Reinforcement Learning in Continuous Spaces.
4: Multimedia Information Management in an Object-Oriented Database System.
4: Preferences; Putting More Knowledge into Queries.
4: Write-Only Disk Caches.
4: Hypertext, Full Text, and Automatic Linking.
4: Multiway SLCA-based keyword search in XML data.
4: Mining long sequential patterns in a noisy environment.
4: Eligibility Traces for Off-Policy Policy Evaluation.
4: nD-SQL: A Multi-Dimensional Language for Interoperability and OLAP.
4: Unstructured Data Bases or Very Efficient Text Searching.
4: Transactions in Relational Databases (Preliminary Report).
4: A Cost-Based Model and Effective Heuristic for Repairing Constraints by Value Modification.
4: An Access Authorization Model for Relational Databases Based on Algebraic Manipulation of View Definitions.
4: Discovering associations with numeric variables.
4: An Evaluation of Query Processing Strategies Using the TIPSTER Collection.
4: Efficient Implementation Techniques For the Time Index.
4: SQL Database Primitives for Decision Tree Classifiers.
4: Almost-Constant-Time Clustering of Arbitrary Corpus Subsets.
4: A Hierarchical Model for Clustering and Categorising Documents.
4: A content-driven reputation system for the wikipedia.
4: Entropy-based criterion in categorical clustering.
4: Aliasing on the world wide web: prevalence and performance implications.
4: Verification of Relational Transducers for Electronic Commerce.
4: Interactive exploration of coherent patterns in time-series gene expression data.
4: Breaking Through the Syntax Barrier: Searching with Entities and Relations.
4: DBXplorer: enabling keyword search over relational databases.
4: SCHISM: A New Approach for Interesting Subspace Mining.
4: SemRank: ranking complex relationship search results on the semantic web.
4: Identifying Distinctive Subsequences in Multivariate Time Series by Clustering.
4: A Cluster-Based Approach to Thesaurus Construction.
4: Feature Construction with Version Spaces for Biochemical Applications.
4: Hierarchical Neural Networks for Text Categorization (poster abstract).
4: Term Relevance Feedback and Query Expansion: Relation to Design.
4: Reordering Query Execution in Tertiary Memory Databases.
4: A Chase Too Far?
4: Wherefore art thou r3579x?: anonymized social networks, hidden patterns, and structural steganography.
4: QBISM: Extending a DBMS to Support 3D Medical Images.
4: A Framework for High-Accuracy Privacy-Preserving Mining.
4: Experimental Results on the Application of Satisfiability Algorithms to Scheduling Problems.
4: Nonstationary kernel combination.
4: Learn from web search logs to organize search results.
4: The Mentor Project: Steps Toward Enterprise-Wide Workflow Management.
4: On labeling schemes for the semantic web.
4: Analysis of Dynamic Load Balancing Strategies for Parallel Shared Nothing Database Systems.
4: Vector Approximation based Indexing for Non-uniform High Dimensional Data Sets.
4: Internet-scale collection of human-reviewed data.
4: Consistently Estimating the Selectivity of Conjuncts of Predicates.
4: XSB as an Efficient Deductive Database Engine.
4: Optimized Query Execution in Large Search Engines with Global Page Ordering.
4: Adaptive Cleaning for RFID Data Streams.
4: A Signature Access Method for the Starburst Database System.
4: Magical thinking in data mining: lessons from CoIL challenge 2000.
4: Two Models of Retrieval with Probabilistic Indexing.
4: Selectivity Estimation for Spatial Joins with Geometric Selections.
4: OWL DL vs. OWL flight: conceptual modeling and reasoning for the semantic Web.
4: On the Selection of Optimal Index Configuration in OO Databases.
4: Framework for the Development of an Experimental Mixed-Mode Message System.
4: Improving Database Schemes by Adding Attributes.
4: Template-Based Wrappers in the TSIMMIS System.
4: Using LSI for Text Classification in the Presence of Background Text.
4: Movie review mining and summarization.
4: User Profiling in Personalization Applications Through Rule Discovery and Validation.
4: Building a filtering test collection for TREC 2002.
4: Leveraging Mediator Cost Models with Heterogeneous Data Sources.
4: A Methodology for Interpreting Tree Queries Into Optimal Semi-Join Expressions.
4: Algorithm-Directed Exploration for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning in Factored MDPs.
4: A service creation environment based on end to end composition of Web services.
4: DEADLINER: Building a New Niche Search Engine.
4: High-Concurrency Locking in R-Trees.
4: TiVo: making show recommendations using a distributed collaborative filtering architecture.
4: Question classification using support vector machines.
4: Integration of Buffer Management and Query Optimization in Relational Database Environment.
4: Using relative novelty to identify useful temporal abstractions in reinforcement learning.
4: Extended Semantics for Generalization Hierarchies.
4: Collaborative filtering with decoupled models for preferences and ratings.
4: Exact Indexing of Dynamic Time Warping.
4: Query Optimization In Compressed Database Systems.
4: Optimal Buffer Allocation in A Multi-Query Environment.
4: Building a Large-Scale Knowledge Base for Machine Translation.
4: Estimation and use of uncertainty in pseudo-relevance feedback.
4: Distributing a Search Tree Among a Growing Number of Processors.
4: Using Error-Correcting Codes for Text Classification.
4: Vinci: a service-oriented architecture for rapid development of web applications.
4: Document clustering with prior knowledge.
4: Using n-Grams for Korean Text Retrieval.
4: Web site mining: a new way to spot competitors, customers and suppliers in the world wide web.
4: Space Efficiency in Synopsis Construction Algorithms.
4: RELIEF: Combining Expressiveness and Rapidity into a Single System.
4: Querying the Internet with PIER.
4: A Dynamically Adaptive Distributed System for Processing Complex Continuous Queries.
4: Bayesian Averaging of Classifiers and the Overfitting Problem.
4: Logistic regression with an auxiliary data source.
4: Meteor-s web service annotation framework.
4: Applications of Linear Algebra in Information Retrieval and Hypertext Analysis.
4: Page Quality: In Search of an Unbiased Web Ranking.
4: Semantic Assumptions and Query Evaluation in Temporal Databases.
4: Learning associative Markov networks.
4: Concurrency in Database Systems - A Simulation Study.
4: Fast and Approximate Stream Mining of Quantiles and Frequencies Using Graphics Processors.
4: Controlling Access to Published Data Using Cryptography.
4: Subspace: secure cross-domain communication for web mashups.
4: Using Shared Virtual Memory for Parallel Join Processing.
4: Improving Adaptable Similarity Query Processing by Using Approximations.
4: Agnostic active learning.
4: Processing and Optimization of Multiway Spatial Joins Using R-Trees.
4: Multiobjective Query Optimization.
4: A collaborative filtering algorithm and evaluation metric that accurately model the user experience.
4: A Tool for Integrating Conceptual Schemas and User Views.
4: Spectral clustering and transductive learning with multiple views.
4: TreeFinder: a First Step towards XML Data Mining.
4: Document clustering via adaptive subspace iteration.
4: Boosting for Document Routing.
4: Supporting Fast Search in Time Series for Movement Patterns in Multiple Scales.
4: Scalable Algorithms for Large Temporal Aggregation.
4: Active learning of label ranking functions.
4: Dynamic Load Distribution in the Borealis Stream Processor.
4: Information search and re-access strategies of experienced web users.
4: Computing full disjunctions.
4: An Example of Knowledge-Based Query Processing in a CAD/CAM DBMS.
4: A Pragmatic Approach to Structured Database Design.
4: Range CUBE: Efficient Cube Computation by Exploiting Data Correlation.
4: A Kernel Approach for Learning from almost Orthogonal Patterns.
4: Optimizing Existential Datalog Queries.
4: Managing Temporal Financial Data in an Extensible Database.
4: Processing Complex Similarity Queries with Distance-Based Access Methods.
4: The Multimedia Object Presentation Manager of MINOS: A Symmetric Approach.
4: Partition Selection Policies in Object Database Garbage Collection.
4: Query Processing for Temporal Databases.
4: Providing High Availability in Very Large Worklflow Management Systems.
4: Improving Semantic Specification in a Relational Database.
4: TriCluster: An Effective Algorithm for Mining Coherent Clusters in 3D Microarray Data.
4: On Implementing a Language for Specifying Active Database Execution Models.
4: Evaluation of Database Access Paths.
4: Natural communities in large linked networks.
4: Tribeca: A Stream Database Manager for Network Traffic Analysis.
4: Information-Theoretic Tools for Mining Database Structure from Large Data Sets.
4: The effect of document retrieval quality on factoid question answering performance.
4: Text categorization by boosting automatically extracted concepts.
4: An Algorithm for Probabilistic Least-Commitment Planning.
4: Efficient Incremental Garbage Collection for Client-Server Object Database Systems.
4: Multi-Level Recovery.
4: Advanced Transaction Models in Workflow Contexts.
4: A repetition based measure for verification of text collections and for text categorization.
4: Interestingness via What is Not Interesting.
4: Automatically Summarising Web Sites - Is There A Way Around It?
4: Maximum margin planning.
4: GPCA: an efficient dimension reduction scheme for image compression and retrieval.
4: A Mapping Function for the Directory of a Multidimensional Extendible Hashing.
4: Finding and approximating top-k answers in keyword proximity search.
4: The History of Histograms (abridged).
4: PageRank: HITS and a Unified Framework for Link Analysis.
4: Mid-tier caching: the TimesTen approach.
4: Chasing Constrained Tuple-Generating Dependencies.
4: Scaling and Time Warping in Time Series Querying.
4: Data Replication in Mariposa.
4: Integrating Unstructured Data into Relational Databases.
4: A scalability analysis of classifiers in text categorization.
4: Disseminating Updates on Broadcast Disks.
4: Document clustering by concept factorization.
4: Learning Belief Networks from Data: An Information Theory Based Approach.
4: Full Disjunctions: Polynomial-Delay Iterators in Action.
4: The Generalized MDL Approach for Summarization.
4: C-Logic of Complex Objects.
4: An Abstract Model of Database Concurrency Control Algorithms.
4: A Complete and Efficient Algebraic Compiler for XQuery.
4: On evaluating web search with very few relevant documents.
4: An Algorithm for Servicing Multi-Relational Queries.
4: Schema Virtualization in Object-Oriented Databases.
4: Logic Programming With Sets.
4: I/O-efficient techniques for computing pagerank.
4: Effective Use of Natural Language Processing Techniques for Automatic Conflation of Multi-Word Terms: The Role of Derivational Morphology, Part of Speech Tagging, and Shallow Parsing.
4: SEA-CNN: Scalable Processing of Continuous K-Nearest Neighbor Queries in Spatio-temporal Databases.
4: OLAP over Imprecise Data with Domain Constraints.
4: On scaling latent semantic indexing for large peer-to-peer systems.
4: Phonetic confusion matrix based spoken document retrieval.
4: Adaptive Product Normalization: Using Online Learning for Record Linkage in Comparison Shopping.
4: Warehousing Workflow Data: Challenges and Opportunities.
4: Historical Multi-Media Databases.
4: Hippocratic Databases.
4: Multi-Dimensional Database Allocation for Parallel Data Warehouses.
4: Mining for Strong Negative Associations in a Large Database of Customer Transactions.
4: Information Preserving XML Schema Embedding.
4: Why spectral retrieval works.
4: An Algorithmic Basis for Integrating Production Systems and Large Databases.
4: On Equivalences of Database Schemes.
4: Correlating synchronous and asynchronous data streams.
4: Filters, Wrappers and a Boosting-Based Hybrid for Feature Selection.
4: A Probabilistic Description-Oriented Approach for Categorizing Web Documents.
4: Intelligent Rollups in Multidimensional OLAP Data.
4: Cyclic Query Processing in Object-Oriented Databases.
4: A Probabilitstic Solution to the Selection and Fusion Problem in Distributed Information Retrieval.
4: Automated Statistics Collection in DB2 UDB.
4: A Semantics-Based Decision Theory Region Analyser.
4: OP-Cluster: Clustering by Tendency in High Dimensional Space.
4: Dynamic Memory Adjustment for External Mergesort.
4: An Efficient Scheme for Providing High Availability.
4: Improving SQL with Generalized Quantifiers.
4: Set-Oriented Disk Access to Large Complex Objects.
4: Trustworthy Keyword Search for Regulatory-Compliant Record Retention.
4: Translation-invariant mixture models for curve clustering.
4: Towards a Unified Theory of Concurrency Control and Recovery.
4: Query Caching and View Selection for XML Databases.
4: Mining Deviants in a Time Series Database.
4: Optimizing scoring functions and indexes for proximity search in type-annotated corpora.
4: Spatial Querying for Image Retrieval: A User-Oriented Evaluation.
4: A Suitable Algorithm for Computing Partial Transitive Closures in Databases.
4: Learning an Agent's Utility Function by Observing Behavior.
4: Cost and Performance Analysis of Semantic Integrity Validation Methods.
4: Active Storage for Large-Scale Data Mining and Multimedia.
4: Data Model Integration Using the Structural Model.
4: The complex dynamics of collaborative tagging.
4: Mining the stock market (extended abstract): which measure is best?
4: When Can We Trust Progress Estimators for SQL Queries?
4: Performance Tradeoffs in Read-Optimized Databases.
4: Solving multiclass support vector machines with LaRank.
4: Different Levels of Expertise for An Expert System in Information Retrieval.
4: Conceptual Partitioning: An Efficient Method for Continuous Nearest Neighbor Monitoring.
4: Empirical development of an exponential probabilistic model for text retrieval: using textual analysis to build a better model.
4: Automatic basis function construction for approximate dynamic programming and reinforcement learning.
4: Classifying large data sets using SVMs with hierarchical clusters.
4: Vertical Partitioning for Database Design: A Graphical Algorithm.
4: Improving collection selection with overlap awareness in P2P search engines.
4: Performance Analysis of a Relational Data Base Management System.
4: Efficiently Linking Text Documents with Relevant Structured Information.
4: Expert agreement and content based reranking in a meta search environment using Mearf.
4: Dynamic maintenance of web indexes using landmarks.
4: ProTDB: Probabilistic Data in XML.
4: Efficient Query Processing for Multi-Dimensionally Clustered Tables in DB2.
4: K: A High-Level Knowledge Base Programming Language for Advanced Database Applications.
4: Unifying collaborative and content-based filtering.
4: Lineage Tracing for General Data Warehouse Transformations.
4: Secondary Index Optimization.
4: A New Method for Similarity Indexing of Market Basket Data.
4: From complete to incomplete information and back.
4: Using Abstractions for Decision-Theoretic Planning with Time Constraints.
4: The Economic Implementation of Experimental Retrieval Techniques on a Very Large Scale Using an Intelligent Terminal.
4: Non-Deterministic Languages to Express Deterministic Transformations.
4: Principles of Transaction-Based On-Line Reorganization.
4: REHIST: Relative Error Histogram Construction Algorithms.
4: Optimized Substructure Discovery for Semi-structured Data.
4: On Computing Functions with Uncertainty.
4: MultiMediaMiner: A System Prototype for Multimedia Data Mining.
4: A Full-Text Retrieval System with a Dynamic Abstract Generation Function.
4: Developing a DataBlade for a New Index.
4: B-Tree Indexes and CPU Caches.
4: Ratio Rules: A New Paradigm for Fast, Quantifiable Data Mining.
4: Algorithms for the Management of Remote Backup Data Bases for Disaster Recovery.
4: Combining content and link for classification using matrix factorization.
4: TPC-DS, taking decision support benchmarking to the next level.
4: Effects of Database Size on Rule System Performance: Five Case Studies.
4: Generalizing the notion of support.
4: MINERVA: Collaborative P2P Search.
4: Inheritance and Persistence in Database Programming Languages.
4: Time-based language models.
4: Temporal Aggregation over Data Streams Using Multiple Granularities.
4: Dynamic Plan Migration for Continuous Queries Over Data Streams.
4: Super-peer-based routing and clustering strategies for RDF-based peer-to-peer networks.
4: Instance Pruning Techniques.
4: Testing the significance of attribute interactions.
4: Identifying useful subgoals in reinforcement learning by local graph partitioning.
4: On the complexity of managing probabilistic XML data.
4: Summarizing local context to personalize global web search.
4: Optimisation methods for ranking functions with multiple parameters.
4: Dynamic Load Balancing in Hierarchical Parallel Database Systems.
4: Spatio-Temporal Aggregation Using Sketches.
4: A Temporal Framework for Database Specification and Verification.
4: Representative Association Rules.
4: The influence of caption features on clickthrough patterns in web search.
4: Integrating Query, Thesaurus, and Documents Through a Common Visual Representation.
4: Holistic Twig Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
4: Measurement-Theoretical Investigation of the MZ-Metric.
4: The maximum entropy method for analyzing retrieval measures.
4: Global Optimization of Histograms.
4: Partitioning of Time Index for Optical Disks.
4: Characterizing the Applicability of Classification Algorithms Using Meta-Level Learning.
4: Retrieval from Hierarchical Texts by Partial Patterns.
4: Interactive Internet search: keyword, directory and query reformulation mechanisms compared.
4: Privacy preserving mining of association rules.
4: Cost-based Selection of Path Expression Processing Algorithms in Object-Oriented Databases.
4: DOMINO: Databases fOr MovINg Objects tracking.
4: Learning Probabilistic Models of Relational Structure.
4: Adaptive ranking of web pages.
4: Closure-Tree: An Index Structure for Graph Queries.
4: Clustering documents with an exponential-family approximation of the Dirichlet compound multinomial distribution.
4: An empirical comparison of supervised learning algorithms.
4: Probabilistic structured query methods.
4: Reasoning About Spatial Relationships in Picture Retrieval Systems.
4: Reinforcement Learning in POMDP's via Direct Gradient Ascent.
4: Weak-Commitment Search for Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
4: Declarative networking: language, execution and optimization.
4: Views in a Large Scale XML Repository.
4: Efficient Feature Selection in Conceptual Clustering.
4: Generalizing ``Search'' in Generalized Search Trees (Extended Abstract).
4: A Super Scalar Sort Algorithm for RISC Processors.
4: Topic sentiment mixture: modeling facets and opinions in weblogs.
4: Privacy via pseudorandom sketches.
4: Multiattribute Hashing Using Gray Codes.
4: Trust region Newton methods for large-scale logistic regression.
4: Query expansion using associated queries.
4: Diamond in the Rough: Finding Hierarchical Heavy Hitters in Multi-Dimensional Data.
4: The Complexity of Testing Predicate Locks.
4: Mining Partially Periodic Event Patterns with Unknown Periods.
4: Supporting Multiple View Maintenance Policies.
4: Monitoring K-Nearest Neighbor Queries Over Moving Objects.
4: Predicting clicks: estimating the click-through rate for new ads.
4: Retrieving answers from frequently asked questions pages on the web.
4: Efficient Evaluation for a Subset of Recursive Queries.
4: Shuffling a Stacked Deck: The Case for Partially Randomized Ranking of Search Engine Results.
4: Partitioning of Web graphs by community topology.
4: A Framework for the Performance Analysis of Concurrent B-tree Algorithms.
4: On the Design of a Query Processing Strategy in a Distributed Database Environment.
4: Implementing database operations using SIMD instructions.
4: Effect of Data Skewness in Parallel Mining of Association Rules.
4: Symmetry in Markov Decision Processes and its Implications for Single Agent and Multiagent Learning.
4: Controlling overlap in content-oriented XML retrieval.
4: Text filtering by boosting naive bayes classifiers.
4: Rule-Based Translation of Relational Queries into Iterative Programs.
4: Enterprise Information Mashups: Integrating Information, Simply.
4: Basic Timestamp, Multiple Version Timestamp, and Two-Phase Locking.
4: How Does an Expert System Get its Data? (Extended Abstract).
4: The Performance and Utility of the Cactis Implementation Algorithms.
4: Google news personalization: scalable online collaborative filtering.
4: Feature Subset Selection in Text-Learning.
4: Compressing and searching XML data via two zips.
4: The AQUA Approach to Querying Lists and Trees in Object-Oriented Databases.
4: Quality driven web services composition.
4: Structural Proximity Searching for Large Collections of Semi-Structured Data.
4: Mining complex models from arbitrarily large databases in constant time.
4: Measures of Relative Relevance and Ranked Half-Life: Performance Indicators for Interactive IR.
4: Support for Temporal Data by Complex Objects.
4: Addressing the Requirements of a Dynamic Corporate Textual Information Base.
4: Lazy Database Replication with Ordering Guarantees.
4: Provenance management in curated databases.
4: Translating XSLT programs to Efficient SQL queries.
4: XMark: A Benchmark for XML Data Management.
4: Constrained Optimalities in Query Personalization.
4: Deadlock Removal Using Partial Rollback in Database Systems.
4: The Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization for Adaptive Binary Classification Tasks.
4: Organizing and searching the world wide web of facts -- step two: harnessing the wisdom of the crowds.
4: An iterative method for multi-class cost-sensitive learning.
4: DualMiner: a dual-pruning algorithm for itemsets with constraints.
4: Automatic physical design tuning: workload as a sequence.
4: A Conceptual Model and a Tool Environment for Developing More Scalable, Dynamic, and Customizable Web Applications.
4: Multi-criteria Reinforcement Learning.
4: Bottom-Up Beats Top-Down for Datalog.
4: Merging Models Based on Given Correspondences.
4: A Performance Evaluation of OID Mapping Techniques.
4: Estimating Block Accessses when Attributes are Correlated.
4: Least Expected Cost Query Optimization: What Can We Expect?
4: Hypertext Categorization using Hyperlink Patterns and Meta Data.
4: Bayesian extension to the language model for ad hoc information retrieval.
4: DBCache: Middle-tier Database Caching for Highly Scalable e-Business Architectures.
4: RP*: A Family of Order Preserving Scalable Distributed Data Structures.
4: Vectorizing and Querying Large XML Repositories.
4: Cooperative Responses to Boolean Queries.
4: CoMine: Efficient Mining of Correlated Patterns.
4: Fast generation of result snippets in web search.
4: Extended Wavelets for Multiple Measures.
4: Towards Automatic Generation of Query Taxonomy: A Hierarchical Query Clustering Approach.
4: Privacy-preserving distributed k-means clustering over arbitrarily partitioned data.
4: Discovering the representative of a search engine.
4: Scaling Reinforcement Learning toward RoboCup Soccer.
4: On Distributed Processibility of Datalog Queries by Decomposing Databases.
4: Using bayesian priors to combine classifiers for adaptive filtering.
4: Analysis and extension of spectral methods for nonlinear dimensionality reduction.
4: Automatic web query classification using labeled and unlabeled training data.
4: Predictive low-rank decomposition for kernel methods.
4: Boosting margin based distance functions for clustering.
4: Performance Limits of Two-Phase Locking.
4: CURLER: Finding and Visualizing Nonlinear Correlated Clusters.
4: WEIRD: An Approach to Concept-Based Information Retrieval.
4: An Evolutionary Algorithm Using Multivariate Discretization for Decision Rule Induction.
4: A User-Centered Evaluation of Ranking Algorithims for Interactive Query Expansion.
4: Experiments on Using Semantic Distances Between Words in Image Caption Retrieval.
4: Optimal Computation of Total Projections with Unions of Simple Chase Join Expressions.
4: HiTi Graph Model of Topographical Roadmaps in Navigation Systems.
4: Materialized Views in Probabilistic Databases for Information Exchange and Query Optimization.
4: HOT SAX: Efficiently Finding the Most Unusual Time Series Subsequence.
4: Efficient document retrieval in main memory.
4: A Relational View of the Data Independent Accessing Model.
4: A Temporal Knowledge Representation Model OSAM*/T and Its Query Language OQL/T.
4: Adaptable Pointer Swizzling Strategies in Object Bases.
4: Clustering graphs by weighted substructure mining.
4: Trio: A System for Data, Uncertainty, and Lineage.
4: On No-Regret Learning, Fictitious Play, and Nash Equilibrium.
4: Query Automata.
4: Semantic Representations and Query Languages for Or-sets.
4: A fast kernel-based multilevel algorithm for graph clustering.
4: SVM selective sampling for ranking with application to data retrieval.
4: Index Support for Rule Activation.
4: SVM-based generalized multiple-instance learning via approximate box counting.
4: Sketching probabilistic data streams.
4: A Probabilistic XML Approach to Data Integration.
4: Virtual Schemas and Bases.
4: Why AM and Eurisko Appear to Work.
4: Optimization of Generalized Transitive Closure Queries.
4: Cost-Sensitive Pruning of Decision Trees.
4: Schema and ontology matching with COMA++.
4: Effective Document Presentation with a Locality-Based Similarity Heuristic.
4: Scaling link-based similarity search.
4: Access to Objects by Path Expressions and Rules.
4: An Overview of The System Software of A Parallel Relational Database Machine GRACE.
4: Bayesian online classifiers for text classification and filtering.
4: Aqua: A Fast Decision Support Systems Using Approximate Query Answers.
4: Relational Division: Four Algorithms and Their Performance.
4: A File Structure Supporting Traversal Recursion.
4: ISOMER: Consistent Histogram Construction Using Query Feedback.
4: Changing the Rules: Transformations for Rule-Based Optimizers.
4: Robust probabilistic projections.
4: Discovering and exploiting keyword and attribute-value co-occurrences to improve P2P routing indices.
4: A Cost Model for Clustered Object-Oriented Databases.
4: AutoTag: a collaborative approach to automated tag assignment for weblog posts.
4: A combined component approach for finding collection-adapted ranking functions based on genetic programming.
4: Efficient and Effective Metasearch for Text Databases Incorporating Linkages among Documents.
4: Monitoring Streams - A New Class of Data Management Applications.
4: Cat-a-Cone: An Interactive Interface for Specifying Searches and Viewing Retrieval Results using a Large Category Hierarchy.
4: A Web page prediction model based on click-stream tree representation of user behavior.
4: Conjunctive Queries over Trees.
4: Feature selection for high-dimensional genomic microarray data.
4: A Common-Sense Theory of Time.
4: On the Use of Spreading Activation Methods in Automatic Information Retrieval.
4: An exploration of proximity measures in information retrieval.
4: Parallel Algorithms for Computing Temporal Aggregates.
4: Deterministic annealing for semi-supervised kernel machines.
4: Automatic Essay Grading Using Text Categorization Techniques.
4: Data Management for Pervasive Computing.
4: Finding recent frequent itemsets adaptively over online data streams.
4: Utilization of B-trees with Inserts, Deletes and Modifies.
4: Action respecting embedding.
4: Is random model better? On its accuracy and efficiency.
4: Architecture of a Metasearch Engine That Supports User Information Needs.
4: Techniques for Warehousing of Sample Data.
4: Multiple-Instance Learning of Real-Valued Data.
4: PRISM: A Knowledge Based System for Semantic Integrity Specification and Enforcement in Database Systems.
4: Hardening soft information sources.
4: Optimal assignment kernels for attributed molecular graphs.
4: Cache-oblivious string B-trees.
4: Two Techniques for On-Line Index Modification in Shared Nothing Parallel Databases.
4: ASSET: A System for Supporting Extended Transactions.
4: Using Delayed Commitment in Locking Protocols for Real-Time Databases.
4: Reflections on Boyce-Codd Normal Form.
4: Coalition, Cryptography, and Stability: Mechanisms for Coalition Formation in Task Oriented Domains.
4: Towards an Efficient Evaluation of General Queries: Quantifier and Disjunction Processing Revisited.
4: An adaptive peer-to-peer network for distributed caching of OLAP results.
4: CQL++: A SQL for the Ode Object-Oriented DBMS.
4: Recent Trends in Automatic Information Retrieval.
4: A Comparison of Indexing Techniques for Japanese Text Retrieval.
4: An Indexing Technique for Object-Oriented Databases.
4: Effective keyword search for valuable lcas over xml documents.
4: Batch mode active learning and its application to medical image classification.
4: FlowCube: Constructuing RFID FlowCubes for Multi-Dimensional Analysis of Commodity Flows.
4: Distributed Value Functions.
4: Overbound and Right-Linear Queries.
4: Towards a highly-scalable and effective metasearch engine.
4: Improving Two-Stage Ad-Hoc Retrieval for Short Queries.
4: Parameterized generation of labeled datasets for text categorization based on a hierarchical directory.
4: Flexible Pseudo-Relevance Feedback Using Optimization Tables.
4: Priority Mechanisms for OLTP and Transactional Web Applications.
4: Communities from seed sets.
4: Joint deduplication of multiple record types in relational data.
4: Inclusion Dependencies and the Universal Instance.
4: Information Translation, Mediation, and Mosaic-Based Browsing in the TSIMMIS System.
4: RoadRunner: automatic data extraction from data-intensive web sites.
4: The Effect of the Input Density Distribution on Kernel-based Classifiers.
4: XQuery Implementation in a Relational Database System.
4: Semantically-based Concurrency Control for Search Structures.
4: Effective Use of Block-Level Sampling in Statistics Estimation.
4: Simple, robust, scalable semi-supervised learning via expectation regularization.
4: Cluster-based concept invention for statistical relational learning.
4: The Alternating Decision Tree Learning Algorithm.
4: Red Brick Warehouse: A Read-Mostly RDBMS for Open SMP Platforms.
4: Transforming Cyclic Schemas into Trees.
4: Fragments of order.
4: General Purpose Database Summarization.
4: Efficient Bulk Deletes in Relational Databases.
4: Visualizing multi-dimensional clusters, trends, and outliers using star coordinates.
4: Know your neighbors: web spam detection using the web topology.
4: Correlating multilingual documents via bipartite graph modeling.
4: Fast, Randomized Join-Order Selection - Why Use Transformations?
4: Managing Memory for Real-Time Queries.
4: High-Dimensional Index Structures, Database Support for Next Decade's Applications (Tutorial).
4: A MFoM learning approach to robust multiclass multi-label text categorization.
4: Query, analysis, and visualization of hierarchically structured data using Polaris.
4: Data Bubbles: Quality Preserving Performance Boosting for Hierarchical Clustering.
4: A Modal System of Algebras for Database Specification and Query/Update Language Support.
4: Precision Locks.
4: An admission control scheme for predictable server response time for web accesses.
4: MLR: A Recovery Method for Multi-level Systems.
4: Deterministic Wavelet Thresholding for Maximum-Error Metrics.
4: Combining link-based and content-based methods for web document classification.
4: Titan: A High-Performance Remote Sensing Database.
4: Epsilon Grid Order: An Algorithm for the Similarity Join on Massive High-Dimensional Data.
4: The Microsoft Relational Engine.
4: A generalized maximum entropy approach to bregman co-clustering and matrix approximation.
4: On the Equivalence of Logical Databases.
4: Discovering similar patterns in time series.
4: Workflow, Transactions, and Datalog.
4: Efficient Structural Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
4: Cost Models for Join Queries in Spatial Databases.
4: Design, Implementation, and Performance of the LHAM Log-Structured History Data Access Method.
4: Test-Cost Sensitive Naive Bayes Classification.
4: Entropy-based link analysis for mining web informative structures.
4: Efficient and self-tuning incremental query expansion for top-k query processing.
4: A Parallel Processing Strategy for Evaluating Recursive Queries.
4: On the Algebraic Specification of Databases.
4: Model Selection in Unsupervised Learning with Applications To Document Clustering.
4: Evaluating contents-link coupled web page clustering for web search results.
4: Ranking with multiple hyperplanes.
4: Non First Normal Form Relations and Recursive Queries: An SQL-Based Approach.
4: Information retrieval using word senses: root sense tagging approach.
4: Neighborhood Formation and Anomaly Detection in Bipartite Graphs.
4: A Practical and Modular Implementation of Extended Transaction Models.
4: Predicting the Performance of Linearly Combined IR Systems.
4: Modeling and predicting personal information dissemination behavior.
4: CURE for Cubes: Cubing Using a ROLAP Engine.
4: Distributed Processing over Stand-alone Systems and Applications.
4: Domain-independent text segmentation using anisotropic diffusion and dynamic programming.
4: Keeping Found Things Found on the Web.
4: Specification, Semantics, and Enforcement of Dynamic Database Constraints.
4: Object-Oriented Database Systems: Promises, Reality, and Future.
4: Approaches to Collection Selection and Results Merging for Distributed Information Retrieval.
4: Choosing reputable servents in a P2P network.
4: Oracle8i Index-Organized Table and Its Application to New Domains.
4: Ranking on graph data.
4: Proto-value functions: developmental reinforcement learning.
4: Integrating Triggers and Declarative Constraints in SQL Database Sytems.
4: Performance Evaluation of an Adaptive and Robust Load Control Method for the Avoidance of Data-Contention Thrashing.
4: Data Integration with Uncertainty.
4: The Complexity of Evaluating Relational Queries.
4: Wavelet synopsis for data streams: minimizing non-euclidean error.
4: Compressing Historical Information in Sensor Networks.
4: A Cost Model for Similarity Queries in Metric Spaces.
4: The ClustRa Telecom Database: High Availability, High Throughput, and Real-Time Response.
4: Canonical View Update Support through Boolean Algebras of Components.
4: Finding Regular Simple Paths in Graph Databases.
4: Rule Management in Object Oriented Databases: A Uniform Approach.
4: Flexible Database Generators.
4: LSH forest: self-tuning indexes for similarity search.
4: Characterizing the value of personalizing search.
4: A comparative study on content-based music genre classification.
4: Hybrid Concurrency Control for Abstract Data Types.
4: Dynamic Assembly of Views in Data Cubes.
4: Bottom-Up Induction of Oblivious Read-Once Decision Graphs.
4: Text Summarization via Hidden Markov Models.
4: Join Index, Materialized View, and Hybrid-Hash Join: A Performance Analysis.
4: A New Perspective on Rule Support for Object-Oriented Databases.
4: Template-Based Privacy Preservation in Classification Problems.
4: Iterative Broadening.
4: The O2 Database Programming Language.
4: Multi-Dimensional Regression Analysis of Time-Series Data Streams.
4: Kernel conditional random fields: representation and clique selection.
4: Searching with numbers.
4: An Information-Theoretic Study on Aggregate Responses.
4: Cross-training: learning probabilistic mappings between topics.
4: Alpha: An Extension of Relational Algebra to Express a Class of Recursive Queries.
4: Efficient Distributed Algorithms to Build Inverted Files.
4: Web object retrieval.
4: A Population Analysis for Hierarchical Data Structures.
3: Relevance Feedback Retrieval of Time Series Data.
3: A Probalilistic Relational Data Model.
3: Online Algorithms for Mining Semi-structured Data Stream.
3: Focusing Search in Hierarchical Structures with Directory Sets.
3: Linearized cluster assignment via spectral ordering.
3: Title extraction from bodies of HTML documents and its application to web page retrieval.
3: An Efficient and Scalable Approach to CNN Queries in a Road Network.
3: An Analytic Approach to Statistical Databases.
3: Handling very large numbers of association rules in the analysis of microarray data.
3: A Data Model for Supporting On-Line Analytical Processing.
3: Using web-graph distance for relevance feedback in web search.
3: MOBY: An Architecture for Distributed Expert Database Systems.
3: Optimization of Extended Database Query Languages.
3: Versioning a Full-text Information Retrieval System.
3: Effective keyword-based selection of relational databases.
3: Quantitative Association Rules Based on Half-Spaces: An Optimization Approach.
3: Handling Infinite Temporal Data.
3: Using a Knowledge Cache for Interactive Discovery of Association Rules.
3: Abstract Machine for LDL.
3: Fast Algorithms for Maintaining Replica Consistency in Lazy Master Replicated Databases.
3: Spatial Clustering in the Presence of Obstacles.
3: Creating Segmented Databases from Free Text for Text Retrieval.
3: Transaction Time Support Inside a Database Engine.
3: Efficient join processing over uncertain data.
3: HySpirit - A Probabilistic Inference Engine for Hypermedia Retrieval in Large Databases.
3: Cyclic pattern kernels for predictive graph mining.
3: Context-sensitive ranking.
3: Knowing the user's every move: user activity tracking for website usability evaluation and implicit interaction.
3: Tackling concept drift by temporal inductive transfer.
3: Random Sampling from Pseudo-Ranked B+ Trees.
3: Issues in Developing Very Large Data Warehouses.
3: A study of parameter tuning for term frequency normalization.
3: Selectivity Estimation for XML Twigs.
3: Engineering a Fast Online Persistent Suffix Tree Construction.
3: An Annotation Management System for Relational Databases.
3: Index Interpolation: An Approach to Subsequence Matching Supporting Normalization Transform in Time-Series Databases.
3: Learning Conjunctive Concepts in Structural Domains.
3: Adaptive Data Broadcast in Hybrid Networks.
3: Data Management for Large Rule Systems.
3: Data selection for support vector machine classifiers.
3: TSP: Mining Top-K Closed Sequential Patterns.
3: Implicit link analysis for small web search.
3: Multi-task feature and kernel selection for SVMs.
3: A Lower Bound Theorem for Indexing Schemes and Its Application to Multidimensional Range Queries.
3: Supporting Updates in Heterogeneous Distributed Database Systems.
3: An XML Indexing Structure with Relative Region Coordinate.
3: Combining linguistic and statistical analysis to extract relations from web documents.
3: On the discovery of significant statistical quantitative rules.
3: Bootstrapping Semantic Annotations for Content-Rich HTML Documents.
3: On the Integration of Structure Indexes and Inverted Lists.
3: Incremental Schema Matching.
3: A Performance Study of Transitive Closure Algorithms.
3: Towards Robustness in Query Auditing.
3: N for the price of 1: bundling web objects for more efficient content delivery.
3: Collaborative Learning and Recommender Systems.
3: Bucket Spreading Parallel Hash: A New, Robust, Parallel Hash Join Method for Data Skew in the Super Database Computer (SDC).
3: Semantic Integrity Dependencies and Delayed Integrity Checking.
3: Data-driven validation, completion and construction of event relationship networks.
3: P2P-DIET: An Extensible P2P Service that Unifies Ad-hoc and Continuous Querying in Super-Peer Networks.
3: PERUSE: An Unsupervised Algorithm for Finding Recurrig Patterns in Time Series.
3: An Interpretation of Index Term Weighting Schemes Based on Document Components.
3: Types for Data-Oriented Languages.
3: A regularization framework for multiple-instance learning.
3: Probabilistic DFA Inference using Kullback-Leibler Divergence and Minimality.
3: Boosting the Correspondence between Description Logics and Propositional Dynamic Logics.
3: Using temporal profiles of queries for precision prediction.
3: Towards an Industrial Strength SQL/XML Infrastructure.
3: A Skeptical Theory of Inheritance in Nonmonotonic Semantic Networks.
3: Detecting Change in Categorical Data: Mining Contrast Sets.
3: Using Semantic Contents and WordNet in Image Retrieval.
3: Database Programming Languages: A Functional Approach.
3: Optimizing the Rule-Data Interface in a KMS.
3: KnightCap: A Chess Programm That Learns by Combining TD(lambda) with Game-Tree Search.
3: IR, NLP, AI and UFOS: Or IR-Relevance, Natural Language Problems, Artful Intelligence and User-Friendly Online Systems.
3: Secure Mediated Databases.
3: FREM: fast and robust EM clustering for large data sets.
3: Measuring and extracting proximity in networks.
3: Goals and Benchmarks for Autonomic Configuration Recommenders.
3: Integer linear programming inference for conditional random fields.
3: Towards effective browsing of large scale social annotations.
3: Solving Non-Markovian Control Tasks with Neuro-Evolution.
3: Knowledge encapsulation for focused search from pervasive devices.
3: Non-linear dimensionality reduction techniques for classification and visualization.
3: Segment-based proxy caching of multimedia streams.
3: Abstracting application-level web security.
3: A Dynamic Signature Technique for Multimedia Databases.
3: Generalized Partial Indexes.
3: Pruning policies for two-tiered inverted index with correctness guarantee.
3: Raindrop: a uniform and layered algebraic framework for XQueries on XML streams.
3: DBIS-Toolkit: Adaptable Middleware for Large Scale Data Delivery.
3: Providing Database-like Access to the Web Using Queries Based on Textual Similarity.
3: Image Indexing Using Color Correlograms.
3: Analysis of Consensus Partition in Cluster Ensemble.
3: Multidimensional Access Methods: Trees Have Grown Everywhere.
3: Using appraisal groups for sentiment analysis.
3: Toward tighter integration of web search with a geographic information system.
3: A Technique for Translating States Between Database Schemata.
3: A Run-Time Execution Model for Referential Integrity Maintenance.
3: Enhancing Effectiveness of Outlier Detections for Low Density Patterns.
3: Haystack: Per-User Information Environments.
3: The Yin/Yang web: XML syntax and RDF semantics.
3: Efficient reverse k-nearest neighbor search in arbitrary metric spaces.
3: Forming Coalitions in the Face of Uncertain Rewards.
3: A fast and robust method for web page template detection and removal.
3: Clustering Techniques for Minimizing External Path Length.
3: Efficient Main Memory Data Management Using the DBGraph Storage Model.
3: Dynamic Optimization of Index Scans Restricted by Booleans.
3: Hypothetical Data Bases as Views.
3: Extracting Classification Knowledge of Internet Documents with Mining Term Associations: A Semantic Approach.
3: Language Support for Office Modelling.
3: Implicit Imitation in Multiagent Reinforcement Learning.
3: Automatic evaluation of world wide web search services.
3: Tracking the Best Expert.
3: Computing consistent query answers using conflict hypergraphs.
3: Collections of Objects in SQL3.
3: Querying Business Processes.
3: Beyond streams and graphs: dynamic tensor analysis.
3: Local Fisher discriminant analysis for supervised dimensionality reduction.
3: Automatic ranking of retrieval systems in imperfect environments.
3: Combining Qualitative and Quantitative Constraints in Temporal Reasoning.
3: Cascade Hashing.
3: Empirical Bayes for Learning to Learn.
3: Independent and Separable Database Schemes.
3: Communication-efficient distributed monitoring of thresholded counts.
3: Duplicate detection in click streams.
3: On mining cross-graph quasi-cliques.
3: InfoCrystal: A Visual Tool for Information Retrieval & Management.
3: New Algorithms for Fast Discovery of Association Rules.
3: Summary-Table-By-Example: A Database Query Language for Manipulating Summary Data.
3: Loading a Cache with Query Results.
3: The G+/GraphLog Visual Query System.
3: Relevance and Reinforcement in Interactive Browsing.
3: Dynamic Weighted Majority: A New Ensemble Method for Tracking Concept Drift.
3: Monotonic Aggregation in Deductive Databases.
3: Collaborative Filtering Using Weighted Majority Prediction Algorithms.
3: A Simple Analysis of the LRU Buffer Policy and Its Relationship to Buffer Warm-Up Transient.
3: Small Materialized Aggregates: A Light Weight Index Structure for Data Warehousing.
3: Database Evaluation Using Multiple Regression Techniques.
3: Disk Allocation Methods for Parallelizing Grid Files.
3: Statistical entity-topic models.
3: Toward better weighting of anchors.
3: Enforcing Inclusion Dependencies and Referencial Integrity.
3: Management of Dynamic Location Information in DOMINO.
3: Quantifying trends accurately despite classifier error and class imbalance.
3: An Approach to Integrating Query Refinement in SQL.
3: An Algebraic Approach to Rule Analysis in Expert Database Systems.
3: A Competitive Dynamic Data Replication Algorithm.
3: Efficient URL caching for world wide web crawling.
3: A testbed for people searching strategies in the WWW.
3: Extending the Relational Algebra to Support Transaction Time.
3: Quotient Cube: How to Summarize the Semantics of a Data Cube.
3: A Versatile Computer-Controlled Assembly System.
3: Person resolution in person search results: WebHawk.
3: Adaptive Multi-Stage Distance Join Processing.
3: Configuration based scene classification and image indexing.
3: New Techniques for Studying Set Languages, Bag Languages and Aggregate Functions.
3: YouServ: a web-hosting and content sharing tool for the masses.
3: iBOM: A Platform for Intelligent Business Operation Management.
3: DB&IR: both sides now.
3: Solving large scale linear prediction problems using stochastic gradient descent algorithms.
3: A large-scale analysis of query logs for assessing personalization opportunities.
3: Bayesian hierarchical clustering.
3: Automatic SQL Tuning in Oracle 10g.
3: Knowledge-Based Retrieval of Office Documents.
3: A framework for community identification in dynamic social networks.
3: CLAN: An Algorithm for Mining Closed Cliques from Large Dense Graph Databases.
3: On the Interaction Between ISA and Cardinality Constraints.
3: Interactive Schema Translation with Instance-Level Mappings.
3: Assigning identifiers to documents to enhance the clustering property of fulltext indexes.
3: What's Different: Distributed, Continuous Monitoring of Duplicate-Resilient Aggregates on Data Streams.
3: R-Trees: A Dynamic Index Structure for Spatial Searching.
3: Expressiveness of Structured Document Query Languages Based on Attribute Grammars.
3: A needle in a haystack: local one-class optimization.
3: Graph-based anomaly detection.
3: From Tree Patterns to Generalized Tree Patterns: On Efficient Evaluation of XQuery.
3: The Spatial Skyline Queries.
3: Mining Periodic Patterns with Gap Requirement from Sequences.
3: Active Semantic Networks as a Model of Human Memory.
3: On the Allocation of Documents in Multiprocessor Information Retrieval Systems.
3: Discriminant kernel and regularization parameter learning via semidefinite programming.
3: On the minimization of Xpath queries.
3: Efficient Repeating Pattern Finding in Music Databases.
3: Latent Semantic Indexing: A Probabilistic Analysis.
3: Incomplete Information and Dependencies in Relational Databases.
3: Towards a Robust Query Optimizer: A Principled and Practical Approach.
3: The Value of Merge-Join and Hash-Join in SQL Server.
3: Managing Complex Objects in an Extensible Relational DBMS.
3: Learning to extract information from semi-structured text using a discriminative context free grammar.
3: Systematic data selection to mine concept-drifting data streams.
3: Minimality Attack in Privacy Preserving Data Publishing.
3: A Multikey Hashing Scheme Using Predicate Trees.
3: Adaptive load shedding for windowed stream joins.
3: Sliding-Window Filtering: An Efficient Algorithm for Incremental Mining.
3: Model-based overlapping clustering.
3: Constructing virtual documents for ontology matching.
3: The Size of Projections of Relations Satisfying a Functional Dependency.
3: Find-similar: similarity browsing as a search tool.
3: Snapshot Queries: Towards Data-Centric Sensor Networks.
3: Symbolic Causal Networks.
3: Genre Classification and Domain Transfer for Information Filtering.
3: Matching Techniques in Global Schema Design.
3: An Approach to Schema Integration and Query Formulation in Federated Database Systems.
3: Declarative Bias in Equation Discovery.
3: Machine learning for online query relaxation.
3: Hierarchical classification: combining Bayes with SVM.
3: A Column Generation Algorithm For Boosting.
3: Cross-document summarization by concept classification.
3: On Computing Top-t Most Influential Spatial Sites.
3: The Kernel-Adatron Algorithm: A Fast and Simple Learning Procedure for Support Vector Machines.
3: Semantic Role Parsing: Adding Semantic Structure to Unstructured Text.
3: Evaluation of The 2-Poisson Model as a Basis for Using Term Frequency Data in Searching.
3: A Framework for Temporal Object Databases.
3: Improving stemming for Arabic information retrieval: light stemming and co-occurrence analysis.
3: Stacked indexed views in microsoft SQL server.
3: Using relational knowledge discovery to prevent securities fraud.
3: Finding Frequent Patterns in a Large Sparse Graph.
3: The Tangram Stream Query Processing System.
3: A Study of Cross-Validation and Bootstrap for Accuracy Estimation and Model Selection.
3: Mining Thick Skylines over Large Databases.
3: CWA-solutions for data exchange settings with target dependencies.
3: Discovering Associations in Spatial Data - An Efficient Medoid Based Approach.
3: Query Processing for Distributed Databases Using Generalized Semi-Joins.
3: Static and Dynamic Information Organization with Star Clusters.
3: On computing, storing and querying frequent patterns.
3: A Common Architecture for Different Text Processing Techniques in an Information Retrieval Environment.
3: Learning with non-positive kernels.
3: A Functional Programming Approach to Deductive Databases.
3: Calibrating the Query Optimizer Cost Model of IRO-DB, an Object-Oriented Federated Database System.
3: The Converse Natural Language Data Management System: Current Status and Plans.
3: Dynamic Database Dumping.
3: A Dynamic Tree-Locking Protocol.
3: Temporal Modules: An Approach Toward Federated Temporal Databases.
3: Using manually-built web directories for automatic evaluation of known-item retrieval.
3: Efficient Processing of Vague Queries using a Data Stream Approach.
3: Storage Reclamation in Object Oriented Database Systems.
3: Counting Methods for Cyclic Relations.
3: Towards an effective cooperation of the user and the computer for classification.
3: More efficiency in multiple kernel learning.
3: Compiling mappings to bridge applications and databases.
3: Termination and Confluence of Rule Execution.
3: Revisiting Pipelined Parallelism in Multi-Join Query Processing.
3: On synopses for distinct-value estimation under multiset operations.
3: On an equivalence between PLSI and LDA.
3: Computing Semantic Relatedness Using Wikipedia-based Explicit Semantic Analysis.
3: WebFilter: A High-throughput XML-based Publish and Subscribe System.
3: A Transformation-Based Approach to Optimizing Loops in Database Programming Languages.
3: A Methodology for Database System Performance Evaluation.
3: Selectivity Estimation for Spatial Joins.
3: On the Power of Locking.
3: Aspect Windows, 3-D Visualizations, and Indirect Comparisons of Information Retrieval Systems.
3: Using urls and table layout for web classification tasks.
3: Boosting Trees for Cost-Sensitive Classifications.
3: Content-Based Retrieval for Music Collections.
3: DBCache: database caching for web application servers.
3: Semantics Based Transaction Management Techniques for Replicated Data.
3: Horn Tables - An Efficient Tool for Handling Incomplete Information in Databases.
3: Achieving anonymity via clustering.
3: Unsupervised Segmentation of Categorical Time Series into Episodes.
3: On Testing Satisfiability of Tree Pattern Queries.
3: An Experimental Framework for Email Categorization and Management.
3: Naive Bayes models for probability estimation.
3: On the bursty evolution of blogspace.
3: Simple Estimators for Relational Bayesian Classifiers.
3: Knowledge Representation, Connectionism, and Conceptual Retrieval.
3: KLEE: A Framework for Distributed Top-k Query Algorithms.
3: Nested Transactions and Read/Write Locking.
3: Re-ranking search results using query logs.
3: Experiments with random projections for machine learning.
3: On Objective Measures of Rule Surprisingness.
3: Modelling Large Scale OLAP Scenarios.
3: A Cost-Effective Method for Providing Improved Data Availability During DBMS Restart Recovery After a Failure.
3: Indexing for Data Models with Constraints and Classes.
3: On the Mechanization of Abductive Logic.
3: Generating Project Networks.
3: Using EELs, a Practical Approach to Outerjoin and Antijoin Reordering.
3: Scaling up all pairs similarity search.
3: Efficient inference on sequence segmentation models.
3: Ordering the attributes of query results.
3: Nile: A Query Processing Engine for Data Streams.
3: Scaling up Dynamic Time Warping to Massive Dataset.
3: Performance Issues in Incremental Warehouse Maintenance.
3: Relevance information: a loss of entropy but a gain for IDF?
3: A statistical approach to rule learning.
3: Exploratory Mining via Constrained Frequent Set Queries.
3: A Universal Modular ACTOR Formalism for Artificial Intelligence.
3: Tie-Breaking Semantics and Structural Totality.
3: Unsupervised Link Discovery in Multi-relational Data via Rarity Analysis.
3: Little Words Can Make a Big Difference for Text Classification.
3: Flow algorithms for two pipelined filter ordering problems.
3: Self-tuning Database Technology and Information Services: from Wishful Thinking to Viable Engineering.
3: Learning hierarchical multi-category text classification models.
3: Flexible intrinsic evaluation of hierarchical clustering for TDT.
3: Combining bidirectional translation and synonymy for cross-language information retrieval.
3: Retrieving Terms and their Variants in a Lexicalised Unification-Based Framework.
3: Adaptive Cluster-Based Browsing Using Incrementally Expanded Queries and its Effects (poster abstract).
3: Detection of emerging space-time clusters.
3: Optimizing cursor movement in holistic twig joins.
3: Distributed Transaction Management in Jasmin.
3: Colorful XML: One Hierarchy Isn't Enough.
3: Containment Join Size Estimation: Models and Methods.
3: Modeling search engine effectiveness for federated search.
3: Conceptual Information Retrieval.
3: Translating unknown queries with web corpora for cross-language information retrieval.
3: Browsing Through Databases.
3: A regression framework for learning ranking functions using relative relevance judgments.
3: Effect of varying number of documents in blind feedback: analysis of the 2003 NRRC RIA workshop "bf_numdocs" experiment suite.
3: A Rule-Based Object/Task Modelling Approach.
3: Exceeding the Limits of Polymorphism in Database Programming Languages.
3: To Tune or not to Tune? A Lightweight Physical Design Alerter.
3: Schema-based Scheduling of Event Processors and Buffer Minimization for Queries on Structured Data Streams.
3: On the complexity of schema inference from web pages in the presence of nullable data attributes.
3: ARIADNE: A System for Constructing Mediators for Internet Sources.
3: Approximate NN queries on Streams with Guaranteed Error/performance Bounds.
3: A Probabilistic Terminological Logic for Modelling Information Retrieval.
3: Term Frequency Normalization via Pareto Distributions.
3: Postgres-R(SI): Combining Replica Control with Concurrency Control based on Snapshot Isolation.
3: Unsupervised and Supervised Clustering for Topic Tracking.
3: The Multipurpose Presentation System.
3: An Extension of Access Paths to Improve Joins and Selections.
3: Temporal Conditions and Integrity Constraints in Active Database Systems.
3: Analysis and Design of Server Informative WWW-Sites.
3: Measure-based metasearch.
3: Incorporating a Semantic Analysis into a Document Retrieval Strategy.
3: What is "next" in event processing?
3: Document Expansion for Speech Retrieval.
3: SQL Open Heterogeneous Data Access.
3: Closed World Databases Opened Through Null Values.
3: Content Routing for Distributed Information Servers.
3: Tree-Pattern Queries on a Lightweight XML Processor.
3: Implementing an Interpreter for Functional Rules in a Query Optimizer.
3: Finer Grained Concurrency for the Database Cache.
3: Enabling knowledge representation on the Web by extending RDF schema.
3: Operational requirements for scalable search systems.
3: Providing consistent and exhaustive relevance assessments for XML retrieval evaluation.
3: javax.XXL: A prototype for a Library of Query processing Algorithms.
3: Some Properties of Cartesian Product Files.
3: Balanced Multidimensional Extendible Hash Tree.
3: Cross Language Speech Retrieval: Establishing a Baseline Performance.
3: Determining the user intent of web search engine queries.
3: Effective Graph Clustering for Path Queries in Digital Map Databases.
3: Web caching for database applications with Oracle Web Cache.
3: Cache Coherency in Oracle Parallel Server.
3: NUL: A Navigational User's Language for a Network Structured Data Base.
3: Structured translation for cross-language information retrieval.
3: Efficient Computation of Multiple Group By Queries.
3: Estimating corpus size via queries.
3: Monitoring the dynamic web to respond to continuous queries.
3: Scalable Parallel Data Mining for Association Rules.
3: Functional Dependencies on Cyclic Database Schemes.
3: The Space of Jumping Emerging Patterns and Its Incremental Maintenance Algorithms.
3: Discriminant Trees.
3: Tools for Design of Composite Web Services.
3: Concurrency Control Based on Distributed Cycle Detection.
3: Efficient Processing of Interactive Relational Data Base Queries expressed in Logic
3: Composing XSL Transformations with XML Publishing Views.
3: Sampling Issues in Parallel Database Systems.
3: Relational Specifications of Infinite Query Answers.
3: Type less, find more: fast autocompletion search with a succinct index.
3: Declustering Objects for Visualization.
3: How to make a semantic web browser.
3: Distributed Transitive Closure Computations: The Disconnection Set Approach.
3: Event detection from evolution of click-through data.
3: Spatial information retrieval and geographical ontologies an overview of the SPIRIT project.
3: Parallel mining of closed sequential patterns.
3: Concurrency Control in Database Structures with Relaxed Balance.
3: DUSC: Dimensionality Unbiased Subspace Clustering.
3: A Two-Level Hypertext Retrieval Model for Legal Data.
3: Algorithm Selection using Reinforcement Learning.
3: One Term Or Two?
3: A Multi-Threaded Architecture for Prefetching in Object Bases.
3: Separability of Polyhedra for Optimal Filtering of Spatial and Constraint Data.
3: Query Processing for High-Volume XML Message Brokering.
3: Duality and Geometry in SVM Classifiers.
3: Performance Analysis of Disk Arrays under Failure.
3: On the collective classification of email "speech acts".
3: Clustering Objects on a Spatial Network.
3: Synthesizing Distributed Constrained Events from Transactional Workflow.
3: NeuroRule: A Connectionist Approach to Data Mining.
3: RACCOON: A Peer-Based System for Data Integration and Sharing.
3: Local Disk Caching for Client-Server Database Systems.
3: Combining Labeled and Unlabeled Data for MultiClass Text Categorization.
3: Using a Permutation Test for Attribute Selection in Decision Trees.
3: Composition of mappings given by embedded dependencies.
3: Modeling Skewed Distribution Using Multifractals and the `80-20' Law.
3: Materialization and Incremental Update of Path Information.
3: Fossilized Index: The Linchpin of Trustworthy Non-Alterable Electronic Records.
3: Probabilistic Modeling of Local Appearance and Spatial Relationships for Object Recognition.
3: Inference Rules for Functional and Inclusion Dependencies.
3: XML parsing: a threat to database performance.
3: The Dynamic Data Cube.
3: Simulation of User Judgments in Bibliographic Retrieval Systems.
3: Two Learning Schemes in Information Retrieval.
3: Data mining with sparse grids using simplicial basis functions.
3: On producing join results early.
3: Fast direct policy evaluation using multiscale analysis of Markov diffusion processes.
3: Effective Memory Use in a Media Server.
3: On Computing Condensed Frequent Pattern Bases.
3: Knowledge-intensive conceptual retrieval and passage extraction of biomedical literature.
3: Energy-Efficient Caching for Wireless Mobile Computing.
3: Simple Rational Guidance for Chopping Up Transactions.
3: On Learning Asymmetric Dissimilarity Measures.
3: Flash crowds and denial of service attacks: characterization and implications for CDNs and web sites.
3: Fractal summarization for mobile devices to access large documents on the web.
3: Dynamically Distributed Query Evaluation.
3: A parallel derivation of probabilistic information retrieval models.
3: A Process-Oriented Heuristic for Model Selection.
3: Selectivity Estimation for Fuzzy String Predicates in Large Data Sets.
3: Bias and variance in value function estimation.
3: Benchmarking Spatial Join Operations with Spatial Output.
3: A Model of Authorization for Object-Oriented and Semantic Databases.
3: Data Base Decomposition in a Hierarchical Computer System.
3: BANKS: Browsing and Keyword Searching in Relational Databases.
3: Polyrepresentation of Information Needs and Semantic Entities: Elements of a Cognitive Theory for Information Retrieval Interaction.
3: A New Basis for the Weak Instance Model.
3: Language Processing Via Canonical Verbs and Semantic Models.
3: Bounded real-time dynamic programming: RTDP with monotone upper bounds and performance guarantees.
3: Combining Nearest Neighbor Classifiers Through Multiple Feature Subsets.
3: Inferring hierarchical descriptions.
3: Content-Based Routing: Different Plans for Different Data.
3: A Multidatabase System for Tracking and Retrieval of Financial Data.
3: LLO: An Object-Oriented Deductive Language with Methods and Method Inheritance.
3: Positive Active XML.
3: Dynamic personalized pagerank in entity-relation graphs.
3: Efficient Evaluation of XQuery over Streaming Data.
3: Indexing time vs. query time: trade-offs in dynamic information retrieval systems.
3: A General Solution of the n-dimensional B-tree Problem.
3: A framework for specifying explicit bias for revision of approximate information extraction rules.
3: Active learning via transductive experimental design.
3: Similarity Evaluation on Tree-structured Data.
3: Clustering of Time Series Subsequences is Meaningless: Implications for Previous and Future Research.
3: Sampling from Spatial Databases.
3: Efficiently Supporting Procedures in Relational Database Systems.
3: Word Sense Disambiguation Using Machine-Readable Dictionaries.
3: On the Estimation of Join Result Sizes.
3: Entity Modeling in the MLS Relational Model.
3: On the efficiency of checking perfect privacy.
3: Fast inference and learning in large-state-space HMMs.
3: Foundations of Preferences in Database Systems.
3: Using Integrity Constraints to Provide Intensional Answers to Relational Queries.
3: Mining Market Basket Data Using Share Measures and Characterized Itemsets.
3: Parallel Algorithms and Their Implementation in MICRONET.
3: Quadtree and R-tree indexes in oracle spatial: a comparison using GIS data.
3: A two-stage mixture model for pseudo feedback.
3: Predictive discrete latent factor models for large scale dyadic data.
3: Designing Functional Dependencies for XML.
3: Procedural Embedding of knowledge in Planner.
3: On the Computation of Point of View.
3: Keyword search on relational data streams.
3: Efficient Resumption of Interrupted Warehouse Loads.
3: Referential Integrity Revisited: An Object-Oriented Perspective.
3: External Perfect Hashing.
3: P-ring: an efficient and robust P2P range index structure.
3: The Complexity of Ordering Subgoals.
3: A Dip in the Reservoir: Maintaining Sample Synopses of Evolving Datasets.
3: Efficient Numerical Error Bounding for Replicated Network Services.
3: GlobeDB: autonomic data replication for web applications.
3: Boolean + ranking: querying a database by k-constrained optimization.
3: Constructing multi-granular and topic-focused web site maps.
3: A Mathematical Modeling Approach to the Automatic Selection of Database Designs.
3: Query Folding with Inclusion Dependencies.
3: Distance Measures for Effective Clustering of ARIMA Time-Series.
3: The Multidimensional Database System RasDaMan.
3: Foundations of probabilistic answers to queries.
3: Using Eligibility Traces to Find the Best Memoryless Policy in Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
3: Limiting Factors of Join Performance on Parallel Processors.
3: Approximate algorithms for K-anonymity.
3: Estimating statistical aggregates on probabilistic data streams.
3: Multi-level operator combination in XML query processing.
3: An Algorithm for Distributed Reinforcement Learning in Cooperative Multi-Agent Systems.
3: Dynamic Finite Versioning: An Effective Versioning Approach to Concurrent Transaction and Query Processing.
3: Automated Modeling for Answering Prediction Questions: Selecting the Time Scale and System Boundary.
3: Learning and Recognizing Human Dynamics in Video Sequences.
3: RBE: Rendering By Example.
3: A Recovery Algorithm for a Distributed Database System.
3: When query expansion fails.
3: Action Recognition Using Probabilistic Parsing.
3: The Boundary Between Privacy and Utility in Data Publishing.
3: MONIC: modeling and monitoring cluster transitions.
3: Margin-based local regression for adaptive filtering.
3: Relevance Feedback using Support Vector Machines.
3: Topic Segmentation with an Aspect Hidden Markov Model.
3: Analysis of topological characteristics of huge online social networking services.
3: Off-Policy Temporal Difference Learning with Function Approximation.
3: Using additive expert ensembles to cope with concept drift.
3: Elicitation of term relevance feedback: an investigation of term source and context.
3: User modeling for full-text federated search in peer-to-peer networks.
3: DOM-based content extraction of HTML documents.
3: Learning Subjective Functions with Large Margins.
3: Horizontal Data Partitioning in Database Design.
3: Promises and Realities of Active Database Systems.
3: An Evaluation Framework for Algebraic Object-Oriented Query Models.
3: Matching Twigs in Probabilistic XML.
3: Two Axioms for Evaluation Measures in Information Retrieval.
3: Constraint-Based Mining of Episode Rules and Optimal Window Sizes.
3: A DC-programming algorithm for kernel selection.
3: Persistence Software: Bridging Object-Oriented Programming and Relational Databases.
3: Hiding the presence of individuals from shared databases.
3: Results of Applying Probabilistic IR to OCR Text.
3: Concept Learning and the Problem of Small Disjuncts.
3: Neptune: a Hypertext System for CAD Applications.
3: Semantics and Evaluation Techniques for Window Aggregates in Data Streams.
3: RStar: an RDF storage and query system for enterprise resource management.
3: Comparison of Approaches to Egomotion Computation.
3: Support envelopes: a technique for exploring the structure of association patterns.
3: Imprecise and Uncertain Information in Databases: An Evidential Approach.
3: Message Extraction Through Estimated Relevance.
3: Context-sensitive semantic smoothing for the language modeling approach to genomic IR.
3: Delegating classifiers.
3: Generating hierarchical summaries for web searches.
3: Trading convexity for scalability.
3: A Generic Framework for Monitoring Continuous Spatial Queries over Moving Objects.
3: Handling Redundancy in the Processing of Recursive Database Queries.
3: Weak Multivalued Dependencies.
3: Approximate Joins: Concepts and Techniques.
3: A Temporal Evolutionary Object-Oriented Data Model and Its Query Language for Medical Image Management.
3: The Application of AdaBoost for Distributed, Scalable and On-Line Learning.
3: An Authorization Model for a Shared Data Base.
3: Structural Inference for Semistructured Data.
3: Using the web for automated translation extraction in cross-language information retrieval.
3: Site level noise removal for search engines.
3: Web accessibility: a broader view.
3: Atomic Commitment for Integrated Database Systems.
3: On Optimal Node Splitting for R-trees.
3: Contextual search and name disambiguation in email using graphs.
3: Evaluating continuous nearest neighbor queries for streaming time series via pre-fetching.
3: A review of relevance feedback experiments at the 2003 reliable information access (RIA) workshop.
3: Update Propagation in Distributed Memory Hierarchy.
3: A web middleware architecture for dynamic customization of content for wireless clients.
3: Implementation of the CORAL Deductive Database System.
3: Query performance prediction in web search environments.
3: Multi-Dimensional Sequential Pattern Mining.
3: Querying Database Knowledge.
3: A data mining framework for optimal product selection in retail supermarket data: the generalized PROFSET model.
3: Concentric Hyperspaces and Disk Allocation for Fast Parallel Range Searching.
3: Document quality models for web ad hoc retrieval.
3: Privacy-Preserving Top-K Queries.
3: OODB Bulk Loading Revisited: The Partitioned-List Approach.
3: Indexing Large Human-Motion Databases.
3: A Preference-Based Approach to Default Reasoning: Preliminary Report.
3: Mining web logs to improve website organization.
3: Indexing and Retrieval of Scientific Literature.
3: On the database/network interface in large-scale publish/subscribe systems.
3: On-line spam filter fusion.
3: Mining Multi-Dimensional Constrained Gradients in Data Cubes.
3: Applications for Expression Data in Relational Database System.
3: TECNO-STREAMS: Tracking Evolving Clusters in Noisy Data Streams with a Scalable Immune System Learning Model.
3: Web ontology segmentation: analysis, classification and use.
3: Online Maintenance of Very Large Random Samples.
3: On Extending the Vector Space Model for Boolean Query Processing.
3: Design, Implementation and Evaluation of SCORE (a System for COntent based REtrieval of Pictures).
3: Comparison of Descriptor Spaces for Chemical Compound Retrieval and Classification.
3: LPMiner: An Algorithm for Finding Frequent Itemsets Using Length-Decreasing Support Constraint.
3: Answering Imprecise Queries over Autonomous Web Databases.
3: Personalized recommendation driven by information flow.
3: Detection of Shifts in User Interests for Personalized Information Filtering.
3: Defining Operationality for Explanation-based Learning.
3: Canonical Abstraction for Outerjoin Optimization.
3: The expressivity of XPath with transitive closure.
3: Latent semantic analysis for multiple-type interrelated data objects.
3: Learning to Reason.
3: Expressive Retrieval from XML Documents.
3: Personalized pocket directories for mobile devices.
3: A Surrogate Concept for Engineering Databases.
3: Projecting XML Documents.
3: M(DM): An Open Framework for Interoperation of Multimodel Multidatabase Systems.
3: BRAID: Stream Mining through Group Lag Correlations.
3: Incremental Evaluation of Schema-Directed XML Publishing.
3: Unsupervised Profiling for Identifying Superimposed Fraud.
3: Lower bounds for sorting with few random accesses to external memory.
3: To search or to crawl?: towards a query optimizer for text-centric tasks.
3: PRIVE: anonymous location-based queries in distributed mobile systems.
3: Eliminating Fuzzy Duplicates in Data Warehouses.
3: Supervised clustering with support vector machines.
3: Local distance preservation in the GP-LVM through back constraints.
3: Evaluation of a simple and effective music information retrieval method.
3: Extending RDBMSs To Support Sparse Datasets Using An Interpreted Attribute Storage Format.
3: Aggregative Closure: An Extension of Transitive Closure.
3: OLAP Dimension Constraints.
3: Database tuning advisor for microsoft SQL server 2005: demo.
3: Document normalization revisited.
3: Database Decomposition into Fourth Normal Form.
3: AGILE: Adaptive Indexing for Context-Aware Information Filters.
3: Semantic Adaptation of Schema Mappings when Schemas Evolve.
3: Agents that Learn to Explain Themselves.
3: Polynomial-Time Program Transformations in Deductive Databases.
3: Classification as a Query Processing Technique in the CANDIDE Semantic Data Model.
3: Interactive Learning with a "Society of Models" .
3: Weak Temporal Relations.
3: Concurrent Storage Structure Conversion: from B+ Tree to Linear Hash File.
3: The INFOMIX system for advanced integration of incomplete and inconsistent data.
3: Learning nonstationary models of normal network traffic for detecting novel attacks.
3: Window-Aware Load Shedding for Aggregation Queries over Data Streams.
3: Reverse kNN Search in Arbitrary Dimensionality.
3: Hierarchical subspace sampling: a unified framework for high dimensional data reduction, selectivity estimation and nearest neighbor search.
3: Towards A Self-Adapting Centralized Concurrency Control Algorithm.
3: The Performance of Three Database Storage Structures for Managing Large Objects.
3: Utility-based anonymization using local recoding.
3: Meta-recommendation systems: user-controlled integration of diverse recommendations.
3: A Performance Comparison of bitmap indexes.
3: The Revenge of the JD.
3: Virtual cursors for XML joins.
3: Induction of Recursive Bayesian Classifiers.
3: A Database Interface for File Updates.
3: A Heuristic Approach to Distributed Query Processing.
3: On Parallel Execution of Multiple Pipelined Hash Joins.
3: Retrieval of Multimedia Documents by Imprecise Query Specification.
3: A Comparison Of High-Availability Media Recovery Techniques.
3: Database Updates in Logic Programming.
3: Information-theoretic metric learning.
3: Multiresolution Indexing of XML for Frequent Queries.
3: Compensation-Based On-Line Query Processing.
3: Recursive XML Schemas, Recursive XML Queries, and Relational Storage: XML-to-SQL Query Translation.
3: Geo-Relational Algebra: A Model and Query Language for Geometric Database Systems.
3: Substructure Similarity Search in Graph Databases.
3: Text Classification in a Hierarchical Mixture Model for Small Training Sets.
3: Dynamic Granular Locking Approach to Phantom Protection in R-Trees.
3: A foundation for tool based mobility support for visually impaired web users.
3: ROC confidence bands: an empirical evaluation.
3: ToXgene: a template-based data generator for XML.
3: The Power of Decision Tables.
3: A Corpus Analysis Approach for Automatic Query Expansion.
3: XQuery on SQL Hosts.
3: Distance-Associated Join Indices for Spatial Range Search.
3: Update Logging for Persistent Programming Languages: A Comparative Performance Evaluation.
3: Methods and Tools for Equivalent Data Model Mapping Construction.
3: The hcC-tree: An Efficient Index Structure for Object Oriented Databases.
3: COREL - A Conceptual Retrieval System.
3: Detecting dominant locations from search queries.
3: A unifying framework for detecting outliers and change points from non-stationary time series data.
3: Ensuring Relaxed Atomicity for Flexible Transactions in Multidatabase Systems.
3: Question answering from the web using knowledge annotation and knowledge mining techniques.
3: Efficiency of Nested Relational Document Database Systems.
3: Query association for effective retrieval.
3: An Operational Approach to Data Bases.
3: Consistency of Versions in Object-Oriented Databases.
3: The Design of a High Performance Information Filtering System.
3: Dynamic Data Structures on Optical Disks.
3: Window Query-Optimal Clustering of Spatial Objects.
3: Partial results for online query processing.
3: Reasoning with Models.
3: Convergence of Sideways Query Evaluation.
3: A Performance Comparison of the Rete and TREAT Algorithms for Testing Database Rule Conditions.
3: ProPolyne: A Fast Wavelet-Based Algorithm for Progressive Evaluation of Polynomial Range-Sum Queries.
3: Boosting topic-based publish-subscribe systems with dynamic clustering.
3: High speed obstacle avoidance using monocular vision and reinforcement learning.
3: Alpha seeding for support vector machines.
3: Parallel Text Searching in Serial Files Using a Processor Farm.
3: Entity Identification in Database Integration.
3: Flexible Strategy Learning: Analogical Replay of Problem Solving Episodes.
3: Representing clusters for retrieval.
3: Towards automatic extraction of event and place semantics from flickr tags.
3: An integrated framework on mining logs files for computing system management.
3: An experimental comparison of naive bayesian and keyword-based anti-spam filtering with personal e-mail messages.
3: Recursive Data Models for Non-Conventional Database Applications.
3: Composing Mappings Among Data Sources.
3: Implementation of Delayed Updates in Heraclitus.
3: Visualizing web site comparisons.
3: Manipulating Interpolated Data is Easier than You Thought.
3: Partitioned Posting Files: A Parallel Inverted File Structure for Information Retrieval.
3: An Axiomatic Approach to Deciding Query Safety in Deductive Databases.
3: The Expressive Powers of the Logic Programming Semantics.
3: Sibling Clustering of Tree-Based Spatial Indexes for Efficient Spatial Query Processing.
3: A Tree Algorithm For Nearest Neighbor Searching In Document Retrieval Systems.
3: The Concurrency Control Problem in Multidatabases: Characteristics and Solutions.
3: Browsing on small screens: recasting web-page segmentation into an efficient machine learning framework.
3: Explicit Control of Logic Programs Through Rule Algebra.
3: Web page scoring systems for horizontal and vertical search.
3: Middleware based Data Replication providing Snapshot Isolation.
3: Evaluation of the Size of a Query Expressed in Relational Algebra.
3: Scoring missing terms in information retrieval tasks.
3: Exploiting syntactic structure of queries in a language modeling approach to IR.
3: Scalable mining of large disk-based graph databases.
3: Mining frequent item sets by opportunistic projection.
3: Mining Frequent Itemsets Using Support Constraints.
3: Handling Summary Information in a Database: Derivability.
3: Mining Needle in a Haystack: Classifying Rare Classes via Two-phase Rule Induction.
3: A High Performance, Universal, Key Associative Access Method.
3: Phrasier: A System for Interactive Document Retrieval Using Keyphrases.
3: Self-Adaptive, On-Line Reclustering of Complex Object Data.
3: Implementing High Level Active Rules on Top of a Relational DBMS.
3: Performance Analysis of a Load Balancing Hash-Join Algorithm for a Shared Memory Multiprocessor.
3: Cross-sell: a fast promotion-tunable customer-item recommendation method based on conditionally independent probabilities.
3: Foundations of Semantic Web Databases.
3: Automatic image annotation by using concept-sensitive salient objects for image content representation.
3: Tioga-2: A Direct Manipulation Database Visualization Environment.
3: On the Expressive Power of Logic Programming Languages with Sets.
3: Segment-Based Injection Attacks against Collaborative Filtering Recommender Systems.
3: Spam double-funnel: connecting web spammers with advertisers.
3: An Adaptive Data Placement Scheme for Parallel Database Computer Systems.
3: Bellman goes relational.
3: High Dimensional Similarity Search With Space Filling Curves.
3: Accurate decision trees for mining high-speed data streams.
3: Tools for Datalog Boundedness.
3: A New Method of Weighting Query Terms for Ad-Hoc Retrieval.
3: DIAL: A Programming Language for Data Intensive Applications.
3: Indexing Medium-dimensionality Data in Oracle.
3: The Automatic Generation of Literature Abstracts: An Approach Based on the Identification of Self-Indicating Phrases.
3: Mining sequential patterns with constraints in large databases.
3: A Cost Model and Index Architecture for the Similarity Join.
3: G-ToPSS: fast filtering of graph-based metadata.
3: The Idea of De-Clustering and its Applications.
3: Geotracker: geospatial and temporal RSS navigation.
3: When one Sample is not Enough: Improving Text Database Selection Using Shrinkage.
3: Indexing Nucleotide Databases for Fast Query Evaluation.
3: Putting Context into Schema Matching.
3: Approximately Optimal Approximate Reinforcement Learning.
3: Knowledge-based extraction of named entities.
3: A Dynamic Clustering Technique for Physical Database Design.
3: Merging retrieval results in hierarchical peer-to-peer networks.
3: Efficient and Tunable Similar Set Retrieval.
3: Improved robustness of signature-based near-replica detection via lexicon randomization.
3: Behaviour Management in Database Applications.
3: Query containment and rewriting using views for regular path queries under constraints.
3: An Analysis of Three Transaction Processing Architectures.
3: NAOS - Efficient and Modular Reactive Capabilities in an Object-Oriented Database System.
3: Generating Thousand Benchmark Queries in Seconds.
3: Partial collection replication versus caching for information retrieval systems.
3: Fast Searching on Compressed Text Allowing Errors.
3: A Fast, Bottom-Up Decision Tree Pruning Algorithm with Near-Optimal Generalization.
3: Feature Subset Selection and Order Identification for Unsupervised Learning.
3: Reducing Multidatabase Query Response Time by Tree Balancing.
3: A local search mechanism for peer-to-peer networks.
3: Locking and Latching in a Memory-Resident Database System.
3: Protecting browser state from web privacy attacks.
3: Taxonomy-driven computation of product recommendations.
3: Exploring constraints to efficiently mine emerging patterns from large high-dimensional datasets.
3: A Unifeid Bias-Variance Decomposition and its Applications.
3: The Foundations of Cost-Sensitive Learning.
3: Data Replication for Mobile Computers.
3: A spectral method to separate disconnected and nearly-disconnected web graph components.
3: Safety and Correct Translation of Relational Calculus Formulas.
3: Optimal Mixture Models in IR.
3: A study of Poisson query generation model for information retrieval.
3: Identifying non-actionable association rules.
3: Auditing Boolean Attributes.
3: Integrating Concurrency Control into an Object-Oriented Database System.
3: Large-scale text categorization by batch mode active learning.
3: Prepare and Commit Certification for Decentralized Transaction Management in Rigorous Heterogeneous Multidatabases.
3: Query Optimization over Web Services.
3: Combining proactive and reactive predictions for data streams.
3: Blocking for External Graph Searching.
3: Active learning using pre-clustering.
3: Efficient Optimistic Concurrency Control Using Loosely Synchronized Clocks.
3: Inducing Models of human Control Skills.
3: Incremental formalization of document annotations through ontology-based paraphrasing.
3: n-Gram/2L: A Space and Time Efficient Two-Level n-Gram Inverted Index Structure.
3: Tributaries and Deltas: Efficient and Robust Aggregation in Sensor Network Streams.
3: Integrating a Structured-Text Retrieval System with an Object-Oriented Database System.
3: Social Interaction: Multimodal Conversation with Social Agents.
3: A Framework for Automating Physical Database Design.
3: On the Effects of Dimensionality Reduction on High Dimensional Similarity Search.
3: Adaptive Database Buffer Allocation Using Query Feedback.
3: Grouping Techniques for Update Propagation in Intermittently Connected Databases.
3: An Adaptive Algorithm for Learning Changes in User Interests.
3: Query Processing Utilizing Dependencies and Horizontal Decomposition.
3: Pruning strategies for mixed-mode querying.
3: SimFusion: measuring similarity using unified relationship matrix.
3: The Haar Wavelet Transform in the Time Series Similarity Paradigm.
3: Scalable approximate query processing with the DBO engine.
3: Natural Language Techniques for Intelligent Information Retrieval.
3: A Generic Framework for Efficient Subspace Clustering of High-Dimensional Data.
3: PLOP-Hashing: A Grid File without Directory.
3: Constraints for Improving the Generation of Intensional Answers in a Deductive Database.
3: Mining Temporal Patterns Without Predefined Time Windows.
3: Dynamic Resource Brokering for Multi-User Query Execution.
3: Implicit queries (IQ) for contextualized search.
3: Personalization of Queries in Database Systems.
3: Processing Queries Against Database Procedures: A Performance Analysis.
3: High Performance Clustering Based on the Similarity Join.
3: Integrating feature and instance selection for text classification.
3: A comparison of implicit and explicit links for web page classification.
3: A Statistical Similarity Measure.
3: An empirical evaluation of deep architectures on problems with many factors of variation.
3: On the Expressive Power of the Extended Relational Algebra for the Unnormalized Relational Model.
3: Mining Generalized Substructures from a Set of Labeled Graphs.
3: Algorithms for Acyclic Database Schemes
3: Extracting redundancy-aware top-k patterns.
3: Analyzing Plan Diagrams of Database Query Optimizers.
3: Efficient Management of Multiversion Documents by Object Referencing.
3: Semantic querying of tree-structured data sources using partially specified tree patterns.
3: Retrieval of Complex Objects.
3: Optimization in a Logic Based Language for Knowledge and Data Intensive Applications.
3: Reasoning with Aggregation Constraints.
3: Online multiclass learning by interclass hypothesis sharing.
3: Efficient search in large textual collections with redundancy.
3: On the Semantics of Complex Events in Active Database Management Systems.
3: On Feature Selection: Learning with Exponentially Many Irrelevant Features as Training Examples.
3: Selectivity estimation for spatio-temporal queries to moving objects.
3: Using Signature Files for Querying Time-Series Data.
3: Context-sensitive program analysis as database queries.
3: Relaxing Join and Selection Queries.
3: A Bi-Level Bernoulli Scheme for Database Sampling.
3: Learning to Drive a Bicycle Using Reinforcement Learning and Shaping.
3: Physical Database Design for Data Warehouses.
3: An Intelligent Terminal for Implementing Relevance Feedback on Large Operational Retrieval Systems.
3: Visualizing Search Results: Some Alternatives to Query-Document Similarity.
3: MauveDB: supporting model-based user views in database systems.
3: Indexing Techniques for Wireless Data Broadcast Under Data Clustering and Scheduling.
3: Timestamp Based Certification Schemes for Transactions in Distributed Database Systems.
3: Immortal DB: transaction time support for SQL server.
3: Temporal Deductive Databases and Infinite Objects.
3: Applying a Flexible OODBMS-IRS-Coupling for Structured Document Handling.
3: Planning Using a Temporal World Model.
3: Heuristic Measures of Interestingness.
3: Efficient execution of joins in a star schema.
3: A General Model for Version Management in Databases.
3: Learning sparse metrics via linear programming.
3: Refreshing the sky: the compressed skycube with efficient support for frequent updates.
3: Hierarchical Optimization of Optimal Path Finding for Transportation Applications.
3: Adapting a Full-text Information Retrieval System to the Computer Troubleshooting Domain.
3: A Bayesian network framework for reject inference.
3: Adapting a Spatial Access Structure for Document Representations in Vector Space.
3: An Evaluation of Sampling-Based Size Estimation Methods for Selections in Database Systems.
3: Robbers, Marshals, and Guards: Game Theoretic and Logical Characterizations of Hypertree Width.
3: An investigation of linguistic features and clustering algorithms for topical document clustering.
3: Liveclassifier: creating hierarchical text classifiers through web corpora.
3: MISSL: multiple-instance semi-supervised learning.
3: Mining in a Data-Flow Environment: Experience in Network Intrusion Detection.
3: Efficient Computation of Temporal Aggregates with Range Predicates.
2: Indexing Mixed Types for Approximate Retrieval.
2: Spatial scan statistics: approximations and performance study.
2: Load Control and Load Balancing in a Shared Database Management System.
2: Image Mining in IRIS: Integrated Retinal Information System.
2: Reasoning about Strings in Databases.
2: Intra-assessor consistency in question answering.
2: Dynamic Derivation of Personalized Views.
2: Using Learning for Approximation in Stochastic Processes.
2: The Inter-Database Instance Identification Problem in Integrating Autonomous Systems.
2: Parallel Knowledge Discovery Using Domain Generalization Graphs.
2: System D: A Distributed System for Availability.
2: Computing Covers for Embedded Functional Dependencies.
2: Repairing Faulty Mixture Models using Density Estimation.
2: Unified Dynamic Hashing.
2: Semantic representation: search and mining of multimedia content.
2: Agora: Living with XML and Relational.
2: The Cedar DBMS: A Preliminary Report.
2: The Implication and Finite Implication Problems for Typed Template Dependencies.
2: A Fast Dual Algorithm for Kernel Logistic Regression.
2: Input Generalization in Delayed Reinforcement Learning: An Algorithm and Performance Comparisons.
2: Rule extraction from linear support vector machines.
2: Memory Allocation Strategies for Complex Decision Support Queries.
2: Systematic Approach for Optimizing Complex Mining Tasks on Multiple Databases.
2: Light-weight Domain-based Form Assistant: Querying Web Databases On the Fly.
2: Expert/Consultation System for a Retrieval Data-Base with Semantic Network of Concepts.
2: Adaptive dimension reduction for clustering high dimensional data.
2: An Extended Relational Database Model for Uncertain and Imprecise Information.
2: OCFS: optimal orthogonal centroid feature selection for text categorization.
2: GORDIAN: Efficient and Scalable Discovery of Composite Keys.
2: A Tree Based Access Method (TBSAM) for Fast Processing of Aggregate Queries.
2: DTD-Directed Publishing with Attribute Translation Grammars.
2: Privacy-enhancing personalized web search.
2: Seeking Stable Clusters in the Blogosphere.
2: A Model of Methods Access Authorization in Object-oriented Databases.
2: XCluster Synopses for Structured XML Content.
2: On Index Selection Schemes for Nested Object Hierarchies.
2: Online learning over graphs.
2: Compact B-Trees.
2: Discovery of Constraints and Data Dependencies in Databases (Extended Abstract).
2: Term context models for information retrieval.
2: Automatic Generation of Physical Data Base Structures.
2: Failure Handling and Coordinated Execution of Concurrent Workflows.
2: Mariposa: A New Architecture for Distributed Data.
2: Computing Frequent Itemsets Inside Oracle 10G.
2: Monadic datalog over finite structures with bounded treewidth.
2: Using IR Techniques for Text Classification in Document Analysis.
2: Incremental quantile estimation for massive tracking.
2: Image Similarity Retrieval by Spatial Constraints.
2: Design Considerations for Data-flow Database Machines.
2: Web taxonomy integration using support vector machines.
2: Trajectory clustering: a partition-and-group framework.
2: A geometric approach to monitoring threshold functions over distributed data streams.
2: Shrinkage estimator generalizations of Proximal Support Vector Machines.
2: R-Tree Based Indexing of Now-Relative Bitemporal Data.
2: The Relationships Among Various Nonnegative Matrix Factorization Methods for Clustering.
2: Discovering outlier filtering rules from unlabeled data: combining a supervised learner with an unsupervised learner.
2: Using Type Inference and Induced Rules to Provide Intensional Answers.
2: MedSearch: a specialized search engine for medical information.
2: Breaking the Barrier of Transactions: Mining Inter-Transaction Association Rules.
2: Adaptive Broadcast Protocols to Support Power Conservant Retrieval by Mobile Users.
2: Hits hits TREC: exploring IR evaluation results with network analysis.
2: LIPED: HMM-based life profiles for adaptive event detection.
2: An Efficient Robot Planner which Generates Its Own Procedures.
2: Joint optimization of wrapper generation and template detection.
2: Adaptive Blocking: Learning to Scale Up Record Linkage.
2: Scalable Internal-State Policy-Gradient Methods for POMDPs.
2: A Feasibility and Performance Study of Dependency Inference.
2: On ranking the effectiveness of searches.
2: DSTree: A Tree Structure for the Mining of Frequent Sets from Data Streams.
2: Subquery Elimination: A Complete Unnesting Algorithm for an Extended Relational Algebra.
2: Eigen-trend: trend analysis in the blogosphere based on singular value decompositions.
2: OFL: A Functional Execution Model for Object Query Languages.
2: A New Presumed Commit Optimization for Two Phase Commit.
2: Automatic analysis of call-center conversations.
2: Content Integration for E-Business.
2: A Visual Data Mining Framework for Convenient Identification of Useful Knowledge.
2: Accurate User Directed Summarizatiion from Existing Tools.
2: On Incremental Cache Coherency Schemes in Mobile Computing Environments.
2: MPIS: Maximal-Profit Item Selection with Cross-Selling Considerations.
2: A session-based search engine.
2: Sampling-based sequential subgroup mining.
2: Semantic Kernels for Text Classification Based on Topological Measures of Feature Similarity.
2: Visually guided bottom-up table detection and segmentation in web documents.
2: An Integrated Approach to Recovery and High Availability in an Updatable, Distributed Data Warehouse.
2: Just-In-Case Scheduling.
2: Papyrus GIS Demonstration.
2: Subsequence Matching on Structured Time Series Data.
2: Supporting RFID-based Item Tracking Applications in Oracle DBMS Using a Bitmap Datatype.
2: Executing incoherency bounded continuous queries at web data aggregators.
2: Semantic Caching via Query Matching for Web Sources.
2: Mining Frequent Closed Patterns in Microarray Data.
2: Learning and making decisions when costs and probabilities are both unknown.
2: Effective Estimation of Posterior Probabilities: Explaining the Accuracy of Randomized Decision Tree Approaches.
2: Building Usable Menu-Based Natural Language Interfaces To Databases.
2: Data exchange in the presence of arithmetic comparisons.
2: Retrieval of Complex Objects Using a Four-Valued Logic.
2: Type Systems for Querying Class Hierarchies with Non-strict Inheritance.
2: An Approximation Algorithm for a File-Allocation Problem in a Hierarchical Distributed System.
2: Properties of Extended Boolean Models in Information Retrieval.
2: Using Structural Representations of Anomalous States of Knowledge for Choosing Document Retrieval Strategies.
2: Exploiting A History Database for Backup.
2: Strict Histories in Object-Based Database Systems.
2: Text genre classification with genre-revealing and subject-revealing features.
2: Evaluation of resources for question answering evaluation.
2: OdeFS: A File System Interface to an Object-Oriented Database.
2: A constraint-based probabilistic framework for name disambiguation.
2: Growing decision trees on support-less association rules.
2: Events on the edge.
2: Cost-Guided Class Noise Handling for Effective Cost-Sensitive Learning.
2: An Efficient XPath Query Processor for XML Streams.
2: Algebraic Aspects of Relational Database Decomposition.
2: On the Recognition of Coverings of Acyclic Database Hypergraphs.
2: SAT-Based Answer Set Programming.
2: Refined Triggering Graphs: A Logic-Based Approach to Termination Analysis in an Active Object-Oriented Database.
2: Fast mining of high dimensional expressive contrast patterns using zero-suppressed binary decision diagrams.
2: Specification and Verification of Abstract Database Types.
2: Predicate Trees: An Approach to Optimize Relational Query Operations.
2: Test theory for assessing IR test collections.
2: Distributed Linear Hashing and Parallel Projection in Main Memory Databases.
2: Semantic Query Optimization for XQuery over XML Streams.
2: Efficient Dynamic Voting Algorithms.
2: Price prediction and insurance for online auctions.
2: Feasible itemset distributions in data mining: theory and application.
2: Geo/Environmental and Medical Data Management in the RasDaMan System.
2: TrustGuard: countering vulnerabilities in reputation management for decentralized overlay networks.
2: Exploration and apprenticeship learning in reinforcement learning.
2: Incremental maintenance of quotient cube for median.
2: An Apriori-Based Algorithm for Mining Frequent Substructures from Graph Data.
2: XML type checking with macro tree transducers.
2: A Word-Parallel, Bit-Serial Signature Processor for Superimposed Coding.
2: A probabilistic framework for relational clustering.
2: Defection detection: predicting search engine switching.
2: Materialized View and Index Selection Tool for Microsoft SQL Server 2000.
2: Mining Optimized Association Rules with Categorical and Numeric Attributes.
2: On the Power of Algebras with Recursion.
2: An Extensible Query Optimizer for an Objectbase Management System.
2: The Query By Image Content (QBIC) System.
2: Extending Complex Ad-Hoc OLAP.
2: Counting triangles in data streams.
2: Dynamic Query Scheduling in Data Integration Systems.
2: Multiple Aggregations Over Data Streams.
2: A Methodology for the Design and Transformation of Conceptual Schemas.
2: Incomplete Path Expressions and their Disambiguation.
2: The impact of the constant complement approach towards view updating.
2: A Transparent Object-Oriented Schema Change Approach Using View Evolution.
2: On Local Spatial Outliers.
2: Inductive Pebble Games and the Expressive Power of Datalog.
2: Modeling relationships at multiple scales to improve accuracy of large recommender systems.
2: Prediction with Local Patterns using Cross-Entropy.
2: Merging the Results of Approximate Match Operations.
2: Reinforcement learning with Gaussian processes.
2: Reliable information retrieval evaluation with incomplete and biased judgements.
2: Discovering word senses from text.
2: The Dynamic HomeFinder: Evaluating Dynamic Queries in a Real-Estate Information Exploration System.
2: An Automatic and Tunable Document Indexing System.
2: An Region-Based Learning Approach to Discovering Temporal Structures in Data.
2: Coloring Away Communication in Parallel Query Optimization.
2: Passage retrieval vs. document retrieval for factoid question answering.
2: Discovering additive structure in black box functions.
2: Mermaid - Experiences with Network Operation.
2: Share your data, Keep your secrets.
2: Multiple View Consistency for Data Warehousing.
2: Oracle Parallel Warehouse Server.
2: Online Index Rebuild.
2: Integrity Constraint Reformulation for Efficient Validation.
2: Discovering event evolution graphs from newswires.
2: A comparison of statistical significance tests for information retrieval evaluation.
2: Efficient Computation of Reverse Skyline Queries.
2: Mining hepatitis data with temporal abstraction.
2: Mining comparable bilingual text corpora for cross-language information integration.
2: Designing Globally Consistent Network Schemas.
2: Group Updates for Relaxed Height-Balanced Trees.
2: Frame-Sliced Partitioned Parallel Signature Files.
2: Reasoning about Nested Functional Dependencies.
2: The Use of Adaptive Mechanisms for Selection of Search Strategies in Document Retrieval Systems.
2: Polynomial association rules with applications to logistic regression.
2: Polynomial Time Query Processing in Temporal Deductive Databases.
2: Decidability and Undecidability Results for the Termination Problem of Active Database Rules.
2: An Efficient and Resilient Approach to Filtering and Disseminating Streaming Data.
2: Using a Belief Revision Operator for Document Ranking in Extended Boolean Models.
2: Geographically focused collaborative crawling.
2: Allocating isolation levels to transactions.
2: Email is a stage: discovering people roles from email archives.
2: An Architecture for Probabilistic Concept-Based Information Retrieval.
2: Resource-adaptive real-time new event detection.
2: AutoPart: Parameter-Free Graph Partitioning and Outlier Detection.
2: On effective classification of strings with wavelets.
2: Scalable Density-Based Distributed Clustering.
2: Detectives: detecting coalition hit inflation attacks in advertising networks streams.
2: Semantic Query Optimization for Methods in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
2: A Multi-Resolution Relational Data Model.
2: A Simple Analytic Model for Performance of Exclusive Locking in Database Systems.
2: Best Position Algorithms for Top-k Queries.
2: A Knowledge Theoretic Analysis of Atomic Commitment Protocols.
2: Deriving Integrity Maintaining Triggers from Transition Graphs.
2: Guessing Morphology from Terms and Corpora.
2: A Pipelined Framework for Online Cleaning of Sensor Data Streams.
2: A bag of paths model for measuring structural similarity in Web documents.
2: Probabilistic Approaches to the Document Retrieval Problem.
2: Model Selection Criteria for Learning Belief Nets: An Empirical Comparison.
2: Eliminating Costly Redundant Computations from SQL Trigger Executions.
2: Approximation Techniques for Spatial Data.
2: A Comparison of Ranking Methods for Classification Algorithm Selection.
2: Anchor Text Mining for Translation of Web Queries.
2: When do data mining results violate privacy?
2: Link Spam Detection Based on Mass Estimation.
2: Distinctiveness-Sensitive Nearest Neighbor Search for Efficient Similarity Retrieval of Multimedia Information.
2: An Alternating Fixpoint Tailored to Magic Programs.
2: Context modeling and discovery using vector space bases.
2: Conceptual linking: ontology-based open hypermedia.
2: Robust methodologies for modeling web click distributions.
2: Make it fresh, make it quick: searching a network of personal webservers.
2: Compressing Bitmap Indices by Data Reorganization.
2: Clustering Validity Assessment: Finding the Optimal Partitioning of a Data Set.
2: The Valid Model Semantics for Logic Programs.
2: Complexity of Query Processing in Databases with OR-Objects.
2: An Experimental Evaluation of Coevolutive Concept Learning.
2: Incremental Maintenance of Path Expression Views.
2: An Association Algebra For Processing Object-Oriented Databases.
2: Summarization as Feature Selection for Text Categorization.
2: The Normalized Recall and Related Measures.
2: CLOPE: a fast and effective clustering algorithm for transactional data.
2: Using Write Protected Data Structures To Improve Software Fault Tolerance in Highly Available Database Management Systems.
2: Mining Algorithms for Sequential Patterns in Parallel: Hash Based Approach.
2: Information Processing for CAD/VLSI on a Generalized Data Management System.
2: Multi-labelled classification using maximum entropy method.
2: The IGrid index: reversing the dimensionality curse for similarity indexing in high dimensional space.
2: Anatomy of the ADO.NET entity framework.
2: Does WT10g look like the web?.
2: Single-shot detection of multiple categories of text using parametric mixture models.
2: The Trailblazer Search: A New Method for Searching and Capturing Moving Targets.
2: Probabilistic latent query analysis for combining multiple retrieval sources.
2: Canonicalization of database records using adaptive similarity measures.
2: Exploring in the weblog space by detecting informative and affective articles.
2: A Probabilistic Algorithm for Nearest Neighbour Searching.
2: Dense itemsets.
2: Scaling games to epic proportion.
2: Role-based Query Processing in Multidatabase Systems.
2: Statistical Phrases for Vector-Space Information Retrieval (poster abstract).
2: MALM: A Framework for Mining Sequence Database at Multiple Abstraction Levels.
2: Inferring document relevance via average precision.
2: Set-Oriented Constructs: From Rete Rule Bases to Database Systems.
2: Towards keyword-driven analytical processing.
2: The Restricted Language Architecture of a Hybrid Representation System.
2: Searcher Performance in Question Answering.
2: Publish/subscribe functionality in IR environments using structured overlay networks.
2: Virtual Database Technology.
2: Hybrid Transitive Closure Algorithms.
2: IncSpan: incremental mining of sequential patterns in large database.
2: A native extension of SQL for mining data streams.
2: Web text retrieval with a P2P query-driven index.
2: Incremental Maintenance of XML Structural Indexes.
2: Cross-lingual query suggestion using query logs of different languages.
2: Robust boosting and its relation to bagging.
2: Integrity Constraints Checking In Deductive Databases.
2: Dirichlet enhanced relational learning.
2: Fine-Grained Replication and Scheduling with Freshness and Correctness Guarantees.
2: Capturing and Querying Multiple Aspects of Semistructured Data.
2: FaceKit: A Database Interface Design Toolkit.
2: Towards an enterprise XML architecture.
2: Repeating History Beyond ARIES.
2: GraphScope: parameter-free mining of large time-evolving graphs.
2: Knowledge Based Systems Versus Thesaurus: An Architecture Problem About Expert Systems Design.
2: Constraint Satisfaction and Database Theory: a Tutorial.
2: Querying Spatial Databases via Topological Invariants.
2: Mining statistically important equivalence classes and delta-discriminative emerging patterns.
2: On the design and implementation of information systems from deductive conceptual models.
2: Generalized spectral bounds for sparse LDA.
2: Probabilistic ranked queries in uncertain databases.
2: Online Outlier Detection in Sensor Data Using Non-Parametric Models.
2: Large margin non-linear embedding.
2: Locally linear metric adaptation for semi-supervised clustering.
2: Safe Constraint Queries.
2: STRIPES: An Efficient Index for Predicted Trajectories.
2: Text Classification Using ESC-based Stochastic Decision Lists.
2: Exploiting Relations Among Concepts to Acquire Weakly Labeled Training Data.
2: Methodical Restructuring of Complex Workflow Activities.
2: Update-by-Dialogue: An Interactive Approach to Database Modification.
2: The WebCluster Project: Using Clustering for Mediating Access to the World Wide Web.
2: Hybrid Pre-Query Term Expansion using Latent Semantic Analysis.
2: Optimizing Refresh of a Set of Materialized Views.
2: Expressiveness of XSDs: from practice to theory, there and back again.
2: An Efficient Algorithm to Update Large Itemsets with Early Pruning.
2: SWAM: a family of access methods for similarity-search in peer-to-peer data networks.
2: Data Hiding and Security in Object-Oriented Databases.
2: Impact transformation: effective and efficient web retrieval.
2: GeoMiner: A System Prototype for Spatial Data Mining.
2: Maintaining Quasi Serializability in Multidatabase Systems.
2: Enhancements to the Voting Algorithm.
2: A music search engine built upon audio-based and web-based similarity measures.
2: Using inaccurate models in reinforcement learning.
2: OOPS - An Object Oriented Programming System with Integrated Data Management Faciltity.
2: Learning a kernel function for classification with small training samples.
2: Generating Association Rules from Semi-Structured Documents Using an Extended Concept Hierarchy.
2: V-Miner: using enhanced parallel coordinates to mine product design and test data.
2: CCAIIA: Clustering Categorial Attributed into Interseting Accociation Rules.
2: O-O, What Have They Done to DB2?
2: Boosting to correct inductive bias in text classification.
2: Efficient xml data dissemination with piggybacking.
2: Business Process Cockpit.
2: Topic-oriented collaborative crawling.
2: Supporting Data Mining of Large Databases by Visual Feedback Queries.
2: Hypothetical Queries in an OLAP Environment.
2: Compact reachability labeling for graph-structured data.
2: Center-piece subgraphs: problem definition and fast solutions.
2: Maximizing the Output Rate of Multi-Way Join Queries over Streaming Information Sources.
2: Learning domain ontologies for Web service descriptions: an experiment in bioinformatics.
2: Quantifying the Resilience of Inductive Classification Algorithms.
2: Mining Generalised Disjunctive Association Rules.
2: Monitoring a Newsfeed for Hot Topics.
2: An Incremental Join Attachment for Starburst.
2: Induction of semantic classes from natural language text.
2: Cooperative Object Buffer Management in the Advanced Information Management Prototype.
2: Recovery Architectures for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
2: I/O-Efficiency of Shortest Path Algorithms: An Analysis.
2: Pattern discovery in sequences under a Markov assumption.
2: Control Strategies for a Stochastic Planner.
2: A Database Disk Buffer Management Algorithm Based on Prefetching.
2: Supervised feature selection via dependence estimation.
2: Space Efficient Bitmap Indexing.
2: Causal Understanding of Patient Illness in Medical Diagnosis.
2: On the Inherent Level of Local Consistency in Constraint Networks.
2: Thrashing in Two-Phase Locking Revisited.
2: Generic soft pattern models for definitional question answering.
2: Effectiveness of a Graphical Display of Retrieval Results.
2: Deductive Database System based on Unit Resolution.
2: Practical Suffix Tree Construction.
2: OODB Indexing by Class-Division.
2: Context-Based Prefetch for Implementing Objects on Relations.
2: Approximate Matching of Hierarchical Data Using pq-Grams.
2: High Level Indexing of User-Defined Types.
2: A Semantics for Complex Objects and Approximate Queries.
2: Pharos: A Scalable Distributed Architecture for Locating Heterogeneous Information Sources.
2: Extracting unstructured data from template generated web documents.
2: The support vector decomposition machine.
2: On Complementary and Independent Mappings on Databases.
2: On the Semantics of (Bi)Temporal Variable Databases.
2: Formal Limits on the Automatic Generation and Maintenance of Integrity Constraints.
2: The View-Selection Problem Has an Exponential-Time Lower Bound for Conjunctive Queries and Views.
2: Semantic Query Processing in Object-Oriented Databases Using Deductive Approach.
2: Performance Evaluation of Two Concurrency Control Mechanisms in a Distributed Database System.
2: Smartback: supporting users in back navigation.
2: Combining eye movements and collaborative filtering for proactive information retrieval.
2: Incremental Learning with Support Vector Machines.
2: An Evaluation of Generic Bulk Loading Techniques.
2: Heuristic containment check of partial tree-pattern queries in the presence of index graphs.
2: Synapse Approach to Database Recovery.
2: Data Base Design Principles for Striping and Placement of Delay-Sensitive Data on Disks.
2: Automatic Generation of Concise Summaries of Spoken Dialogues in Unrestricted Domains.
2: A time machine for text search.
2: Retrieval evaluation with incomplete relevance data: a comparative study of three measures.
2: Dynamic placement for clustered web applications.
2: Supervised dimensionality reduction using mixture models.
2: A Unified and Flexible Framework for Comparing Simple and Complex Patterns.
2: Latent concepts and the number orthogonal factors in latent semantic analysis.
2: Snakes and Sandwiches: Optimal Clustering Strategies for a Data Warehouse.
2: Recommending citations for academic papers.
2: Fully Persistent B+-trees.
2: Hosting the .NET Runtime in Microsoft SQL Server.
2: Flexible String Matching Against Large Databases in Practice.
2: The Computational Complexity of High-Dimensional Correlation Search.
2: A convenient method for securely managing passwords.
2: ItCompress: An Iterative Semantic Compression Algorithm.
2: Deriving quantitative models for correlation clusters.
2: SECRET: a scalable linear regression tree algorithm.
2: The complexity of mining maximal frequent itemsets and maximal frequent patterns.
2: Twin Grid Files: Space Optimizing Access Schemes.
2: A novel refinement approach for text categorization.
2: Data Allocation in a Dynamically Reconfigurable Environment.
2: Critical event prediction for proactive management in large-scale computer clusters.
2: Structure from Linear or Planar Motions.
2: Lookahead-based algorithms for anytime induction of decision trees.
2: Efficient Spatial Access to a Data Base.
2: Set Oriented Retrieval.
2: ESTER: efficient search on text, entities, and relations.
2: Adaptive event detection with time-varying poisson processes.
2: Determining the semantic orientation of terms through gloss classification.
2: A Spanning Tree Transitive Closure Algorithm.
2: A Dynamic Adaptation of AD-trees for Efficient Machine Learning on Large Data Sets.
2: Connecting topics in document collections with stepping stones and pathways.
2: Using Wavelet Decomposition to Support Progressive and Approximate Range-Sum Queries over Data Cubes.
2: Applications for Information Retrieval Techniques in the Office.
2: Dirichlet aggregation: unsupervised learning towards an optimal metric for proportional data.
2: LAURA: A Formal Data Model and her Logical Design Methodology.
2: Modeling Multiple Time Series for Anomaly Detection.
2: Task-Oriented World Wide Web Retrieval by Document Type Classification.
2: The distributed boosting algorithm.
2: Compressing Large Boolean Matrices using Reordering Techniques.
2: MONDRIAN: Annotating and Querying Databases through Colors and Blocks.
2: A community-aware search engine.
2: The End of an Architectural Era (It's Time for a Complete Rewrite).
2: Query Evaluation under the Well Founded Semantics.
2: Expected Gains from Parallelizing Constraint Solving for Hard Problems.
2: A Comparison of Two Weighting Schemes for Boolean Retrieval.
2: Relative risk and odds ratio: a data mining perspective.
2: DSAC: integrity for outsourced databases with signature aggregation and chaining.
2: The Nimble XML Data Integration System.
2: Adaptive View Validation: A First Step Towards Automatic View Detection.
2: On the Power of Walking for Querying Tree-Structured Data.
2: Higher-Order Web Link Analysis Using Multilinear Algebra.
2: RUBRIC - An Environment for Full Text Information Retrieval.
2: Memory-Bounded Bidirectional Search.
2: Load and Network Aware Query Routing for Information Integration.
2: Document re-ranking using cluster validation and label propagation.
2: Extending the Relational Algebra to Capture Complex Objects.
2: A Flexible Transaction Model for Software Engineering.
2: The impact of corpus size on question answering performance.
2: Retrieving Documents by Plausible Inference: A Preliminary Study.
2: Efficient Concurrency Control in Multidimensional Access Methods.
2: Bayesian haplo-type inference via the dirichlet process.
2: A Query Sampling Method of Estimating Local Cost Parameters in a Multidatabase System.
2: On-the-fly sharing for streamed aggregation.
2: A Database Perspective on Lotus Domino/Notes.
2: From run-time behavior to usage scenarios: an interaction-pattern mining approach.
2: An Operational Model for Database System Reliability.
2: Finding semantically similar questions based on their answers.
2: An Extensible Object-Oriented Database Testbed.
2: Robust test collections for retrieval evaluation.
2: On Calibrating Computer Controlled Cameras for Perceiving 3-D Scenes.
2: Automatic construction of multifaceted browsing interfaces.
2: Semi-supervised learning for structured output variables.
2: Heuristic Harvesting of Information for Case-Based Argument.
2: Fast discovery of unexpected patterns in data, relative to a Bayesian network.
2: Conversion of Predicate-Calculus Axioms, Viewed as Non-Deterministic Programs, to Corresponding Deterministic Programs.
2: Adaptive Information Filtering: Detecting Changes in Text Streams.
2: Query Processing for Distance Metrics.
2: Parallelism in Database Production Systems.
2: Building a web thesaurus from web link structure.
2: Cost-Based Query Transformation in Oracle.
2: Practical Applications of Triggers and Constraints: Success and Lingering Issues (10-Year Award).
2: Dynamic coordination of information management services for processing dynamic web content.
2: An Analysis of Forward Pruning.
2: Mining Frequent Labeled and Partially Labeled Graph Patterns.
2: Simple QSF-Trees: An Efficient and Scalable Spatial Access Method.
2: On Precision and Recall of Multi-Attribute Data Extraction from Semistructured Sources.
2: Profit Mining: From Patterns to Actions.
2: Solution Reuse in Dynamic Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
2: Evaluating Document Retrieval in Patent Database: A Preliminary Report.
2: The design and implementation of the redland RDF application framework.
2: Extending Practical Pre-Aggregation in On-Line Analytical Processing.
2: Performance Characteristics of Protocols With Ordered Shared Locks.
2: Fast Data Anonymization with Low Information Loss.
2: Detection of Significant Sets of Episodes in Event Sequences.
2: Fast Random Walk with Restart and Its Applications.
2: Audio/Video Databases: An Object-Oriented Approach.
2: Texture Recognition Using a Non-Parametric Multi-Scale Statistical Model.
2: DEMON: Mining and Monitoring Evolving Data.
2: Implementing Calendars and Temporal Rules in Next Generation Databases.
2: Language Models for Financial News Recommendation.
2: ADMIT: anomaly-based data mining for intrusions.
2: An information-theoretic approach to normal forms for relational and XML data.
2: Ontology-Based Web Site Mapping for Information Exploration.
2: Online Balancing of Range-Partitioned Data with Applications to Peer-to-Peer Systems.
2: Incorporating query difference for learning retrieval functions in world wide web search.
2: Concurrency Control in a Dynamic Search Structure.
2: Learning hierarchical task networks by observation.
2: A theoretical framework for learning from a pool of disparate data sources.
2: AggregateRank: bringing order to web sites.
2: Structured use of external knowledge for event-based open domain question answering.
2: Building a test collection for complex document information processing.
2: Languages for Multi-database Interoperability.
2: Why structural hints in queries do not help XML-retrieval.
2: Benefits of Path Summaries in an XML Query Optimizer Supporting Multiple Access Methods.
2: StreamGlobe: Processing and Sharing Data Streams in Grid-Based P2P Infrastructures.
2: A Framework for Projected Clustering of High Dimensional Data Streams.
2: Hearsay: enabling audio browsing on hypertext content.
2: Feature value acquisition in testing: a sequential batch test algorithm.
2: File Structure Design to Facilitate On-Line Instantaneous Updating.
2: Transportability and Generality in a Natural-Language Interface System.
2: Probabilistic Classification and Clustering in Relational Data.
2: The Ode Active Database: Trigger Semantics and Implementation.
2: Automatic Programming of Behavior-Based Robots Using Reinforcement Learning.
2: GENET: A Connectionist Architecture for Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems by Iterative Improvement.
2: Divergence Control for Epsilon-Serializability.
2: Feature Selection as a Preprocessing Step for Hierarchical Clustering.
2: Evaluating machine learning for information extraction.
2: Sybase IQ Multiplex - Designed For Analytics.
2: Heteroscedastic Gaussian process regression.
2: The SPIFFI Scalable Video-on-Demand System.
2: A Domain Based Internal Schema for Relational Database Machines.
2: Using Write-once Memory for Database Storage.
2: Notions of Dependency Satisfaction.
2: Mutual Information in Learning Feature Transformations.
2: Prefetching with Multiple Disks for External Mergesort: Simulation and Analysis.
2: Integrity Constraint and Rule Maintenance in Temporal Deductive Knowledge Bases.
2: Logical and Physical Versioning in Main Memory Databases.
2: Learning Complicated Concepts Reliably and Usefully.
2: Indexing Medical Reports in a Multimedia Environment: The RIME Experimental Approach.
2: A Statistical Approach to Decision Tree Modeling.
2: An Analysis of Consecutively Bounded Depth-First Search with Applications in Automated Deduction.
2: Designing Information-Preserving Mapping Schemes for XML.
2: Summarizing and Mining Inverse Distributions on Data Streams via Dynamic Inverse Sampling.
2: A comparison of pooled and sampled relevance judgments.
2: Indexing and Mining Free Trees.
2: A general regression technique for learning transductions.
2: Probabilistic Linear Tree.
2: Bayesian adaptive user profiling with explicit &amp; implicit feedback.
2: Curio: A Novel Solution for Efficient Storage and Indexing in Data Warehouses.
2: Intelligent GP fusion from multiple sources for text classification.
2: Estimating a Kernel Fisher Discriminant in the Presence of Label Noise.
2: Performance Analysis of Coherency Control Policies through Lock Retention.
2: Representing and Querying Data Transformations.
2: Tight Bounds for 2-Dimensional Indexing Schemes.
2: Modeling the Effects of Data and Resource Contention on the Performance of Optimistic Concurrency Control Protocols.
2: A New Algorithm for Faster Mining of Generalized Association Rules.
2: KD-FGS: A Knowledge Discovery System from Graph Data Using Formal Graph System.
2: Quantitative Measures of Change based on Feature Organization: Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors.
2: Handling Concept Drifts in Incremental Learning with Support Vector Machines.
2: Automatic feature selection in the markov random field model for information retrieval.
2: Constructing Diverse Classifier Ensembles using Artificial Training Examples.
2: On the structural properties of massive telecom call graphs: findings and implications.
2: Learning a Monolingual Language Model from a Multilingual Text Database.
2: Semantic components enhance retrieval of domain-specific documents.
2: Towards Robust Indexing for Ranked Queries.
2: Evaluation of the real and perceived value of automatic and interactive query expansion.
2: Navigationaided retrieval.
2: Space- and time-efficient deterministic algorithms for biased quantiles over data streams.
2: Mining unexpected rules by pushing user dynamics.
2: A graphical model for protein secondary structure prediction.
2: Translation-Based Indexing for Cross-Language Retrieval.
2: Databases and Visualization.
2: An Enhanced Inference Mechanism for Generating Relational Algebra Queries.
2: On Totally Ordering Checkpoints in Distributed Data Bases.
2: Information Integration: The MOMIS Project Demonstration.
2: Mining search engine query logs for query recommendation.
2: Operations and Implementation of Complex Objects.
2: Benchmarking Simple Database Operations.
2: Text Categorization Using Weight Adjusted k-Nearest Neighbor Classification.
2: Microprocessor Assisted Tuple Access, Decompression and Assembly for Statistical Database Systems.
2: Impossibility of Distributed Consensus with One Faulty Process.
2: Implementing Logic Programs as a Database System.
2: Retrieving Time Information From Natural-Language Texts.
2: Concurrency Control in Groupware Systems.
2: Pasta-3's Graphical Query Language: Direct Manipulation, Cooperative Queries, Full Expressive Power.
2: Optimizing time series discretization for knowledge discovery.
2: Lessons from a "Living In a Database" Graphical Query Interface.
2: Relaxed Index Consistency for a Client-Server Database.
2: Alternatives to Bpref.
2: A Case for Fractured Mirrors.
2: Building an Integrated Active OODBMS: Requirements, Architecture, and Design Decisions.
2: Combining clustering and co-training to enhance text classification using unlabelled data.
2: User-Defined Table Operators: Enhancing Extensibility for ORDBMS.
2: HAS, a Relational Algebra Operator or Divide is not Enough to Conquer.
2: Query Processing Techniques for Multiversion Access Methods.
2: Y!Q: contextual search at the point of inspiration.
2: Turning Clusters into Patterns: Rectangle-Based Discriminative Data Description.
2: Deciding Properties of Transactional Schemas.
2: Learning nonparametric kernel matrices from pairwise constraints.
2: Bypassing Joins in Disjunctive Queries.
2: Relational Joins for Data on Tertiary Storage.
2: SVM Binary Classifier Ensembles for Image Classification.
2: A Relevance Terminological Logic for Information Retrieval.
2: Cache Portal: Technology for Accelerating Database-driven e-commerce Web Sites.
2: Searching Large Lexicons for Partially Specified Terms using Compressed Inverted Files.
2: Causal Default Reasoning: Principles and Algorithms.
2: Mining templates from search result records of search engines.
2: Combining fields in known-item email search.
2: Learning to compete, compromise, and cooperate in repeated general-sum games.
2: The power-method: a comprehensive estimation technique for multi-dimensional queries.
2: "GeoPlot": spatial data mining on video libraries.
2: Constructive Induction On Decision Trees.
2: A Characterization of the Sensitivity of Query Optimization to Storage Access Cost Parameters.
2: Modeling Temporal Primitives: Back to Basics.
2: Object Allocation in Distributed Databases and Mobile Computers.
2: OPTICS-OF: Identifying Local Outliers.
2: On the Complexity of Database Queries.
2: Basis of Fuzzy Knowledge Discovery System.
2: Diverse Topic Phrase Extraction through Latent Semantic Analysis.
2: Efficient Algorithms for Incremental Update of Frequent Sequences.
2: Nightmare at test time: robust learning by feature deletion.
2: Safe and Efficient Sharing of Persistent Objects in Thor.
2: On the Modes and Meaning of Feedback to Transaction Designers.
2: Viewers: A Data-World Analogue of Procedure Calls.
2: Analysis of n-Dimensional Quadtrees using the Hausdorff Fractal Dimension
2: Correlation search in graph databases.
2: Share Based Measures for Itemsets.
2: Efficient exploitation of similar subexpressions for query processing.
2: Generalization and a Framework for Query Modification.
2: IRC: An Iterative Reinforcement Categorization Algorithm for Interrelated Web Objects.
2: A study of the dirichlet priors for term frequency normalisation.
2: Scalable Update Propagation in Epidemic Replicated Databases.
2: Parametric Query Optimization for Linear and Piecewise Linear Cost Functions.
2: k-TTP: a new privacy model for large-scale distributed environments.
2: A Region Splitting Strategy for Physical Database Design of Multidimensional File Organizations.
2: An Object Data Model with Roles.
2: Temporal Query Processing and Optimization in Multiprocessor Database Machines.
2: Classification Algorithms for NETNEWS Articles.
2: A constraint extension to scalable vector graphics.
2: Finding Fastest Paths on A Road Network with Speed Patterns.
2: Integrating the UB-Tree into a Database System Kernel.
2: On Indexing Line Segments.
2: A Scalable Algorithm for Clustering Sequential Data.
2: XQuery at your web service.
2: Improving web performance by client characterization driven server adaptation.
2: The Need for Distributed Asynchronous Transactions.
2: The Geometry Tutor.
2: A Rule-Based Query Rewriter in an Extensible DBMS.
2: Overview of the Jasmin Database Machine.
2: Using structure indices for efficient approximation of network properties.
2: Model selection via the AUC.
2: Efficient Implementation of Large-Scale Multi-Structural Databases.
2: A Study of Sort Algorithms for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
2: In Defense of Probability.
2: Implications of Boolean Structures for Probabilistic Retrieval.
2: An Information Retrieval System Based on Artificial Intelligence Techniques.
2: An adaptive nearest neighbor search for a parts acquisition ePortal.
2: LDC: Enabling Search By Partial Distance In A Hyper-Dimensional Space.
2: A Browser for Bibliographic Information Retrieval, Based on an Application of Lattice Theory.
2: Can social bookmarking improve web search?
2: A Framework for Implementing Hypothetical Queries.
2: A spatio-temporal extension to Isomap nonlinear dimension reduction.
2: A data mining approach to modeling relationships among categories in image collection.
2: Algorithm and Performance Evaluation of Adaptive Multidimensional Clustering Technique.
2: Towards automatic association of relevant unstructured content with structured query results.
2: Enhancing P2P File-Sharing with an Internet-Scale Query Processor.
2: The discoverability of the web.
2: An Argument in Favour of Presumed Commit Protocol.
2: Finding partial orders from unordered 0-1 data.
2: A Transducer-Based XML Query Processor.
2: A Fast Algorithm to Cluster High Dimensional Basket Data.
2: An epsilon-Optimal Grid-Based Algorithm for Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
2: VXMLR: A Visual XML-Relational Database System.
2: Topics in 0--1 data.
2: Automated Model Selection for Simulation.
2: QAGen: generating query-aware test databases.
2: Syntactic features in question answering.
2: Benchmarking declarative approximate selection predicates.
2: Serializability in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
2: UCAIR: a personalized search toolbar.
2: Query-time entity resolution.
2: Optimizing Scientific Databases for Client Side Data Processing.
2: Interpolation-based Q-learning.
2: Panel: Is Generic Metadata Management Feasible?
2: Structure-based query-specific document summarization.
2: Batch data warehouse maintenance in dynamic environments.
2: Update-Pattern-Aware Modeling and Processing of Continuous Queries.
2: Image Query Processing Based on Multi-Level Signatures.
2: Managing Replicated Files in Partitioned Distributed Database Systems.
2: A Model for Integrated Information Systems.
2: Sequential Pattern Mining in Multiple Streams.
2: A simpler and more efficient deterministic scheme for finding frequent items over sliding windows.
2: A Clustering Scheme.
2: Discovering significant rules.
2: A Methodology of Application Program Analysis and Conversion Based on Database Semantics.
2: Effective Web data extraction with standard XML technologies.
2: An Empirical Comparison of Pattern Recognition, Neural Nets, and Machine Learning Classification Methods.
2: Quantifying the Utility of Parallel Corpora.
2: Inferring XML Schema Definitions from XML Data.
2: Trust-serv: model-driven lifecycle management of trust negotiation policies for web services.
2: Obsolescent Materialized Views in Query Processing of Enterprise Information Systems.
2: Managing structure in bits & pieces: the killer use case for XML.
2: Discovering authorities in question answer communities by using link analysis.
2: A compositional context sensitive multi-document summarizer: exploring the factors that influence summarization.
2: Teaching an OLTP Database Kernel Advanced Data Warehousing Techniques.
2: Orthogonal locality preserving indexing.
2: An Automated Approach for Retrieving Hierarchical Data from HTML Tables.
2: Mining Shifting-and-Scaling Co-Regulation Patterns on Gene Expression Profiles.
2: High Throughput Escrow Algorithms for Replicated Databases.
2: Text classification with kernels on the multinomial manifold.
2: Feature selection for ranking.
2: Unsupervised prediction of citation influences.
2: A Graph-Oriented Object Model for Database End-User Interfaces.
2: Generalised Hash Teams for Join and Group-by.
2: The PSP Approach for Mining Sequential Patterns.
2: The Gold Text Indexing Engine.
2: Content-Based Retrieval of MP3 Music Objects.
2: Measured Performance of Time Interval Concurrency Control Techniques.
2: Alternatives to the k-means algorithm that find better clusterings.
2: Mining significant graph patterns by leap search.
2: Sequential skewing: an improved skewing algorithm.
2: A Partitioned Signature File Structure for Multiattribute and Text Retrieval.
2: A multi-system analysis of document and term selection for blind feedback.
2: XML Repository and Active Views Demonstration.
2: Integrity Maintenance in Object-Oriented Databases.
2: The Gauss-Tree: Efficient Object Identification in Databases of Probabilistic Feature Vectors.
2: Relational data mapping in MIQIS.
2: Mapping Maintenance for Data Integration Systems.
2: Batch Scheduling in Parallel Database Systems.
2: A method for transparent admission control and request scheduling in e-commerce web sites.
2: Multi-level organization and summarization of the discovered rules.
2: Efficient Construction of Regression Trees with Range and Region Splitting.
2: Efficient multi-way text categorization via generalized discriminant analysis.
2: A retrospective study of probabilistic context-based retrieval.
2: Summarizing itemset patterns using probabilistic models.
2: Testing Physical Systems.
2: Automatic Assignment of Soft Boolean Operators.
2: Power and bias of subset pooling strategies.
2: Goal-Oriented Buffer Management Revisited.
2: Improving Business Process Quality through Exception Understanding, Prediction, and Prevention.
2: Quadratic programming relaxations for metric labeling and Markov random field MAP estimation.
2: IBM DB2 Everyplace: A Small Footprint Relational Database System.
2: Secure and Portable Database Extensibility.
2: Feature subset selection for learning preferences: a case study.
2: A Raster Approximation For Processing of Spatial Joins.
2: A Recursive Algebra and Query Optimization for Nested Relations.
2: When experts agree: using non-affiliated experts to rank popular topics.
2: Fast direction-aware proximity for graph mining.
2: A Library System for Information Retrieval Based on a Cognitive Task Analysis and Supported by an Icon-Based Interface.
2: Probabilistic Evaluation of Counterfactual Queries.
2: Optimization of Object-Oriented Recursive Queries using Cost-Controlled Strategies.
2: The O++ Database Programming Language: Implementation and Experience.
2: DBLearn: A System Prototype for Knowledge Discovery in Relational Databases.
2: TIMBER: A Native System for Querying XML.
2: Supervised probabilistic principal component analysis.
2: A Plan-Based Model for Response Generation in Collaborative Task-Oriented Dialogues.
2: Varying approaches to topical web query classification.
2: Relational Databases with Exclusive Disjunctions.
2: Strategies for minimising errors in hierarchical web categorisation.
2: A Classification-Based Methodology for Planning Audit Strategies in Fraud Detection.
2: The role of knowledge in conceptual retrieval: a study in the domain of clinical medicine.
2: Efficient Recursive Query Processing using Wavefront Methods.
2: Auditing Compliance with a Hippocratic Database.
2: Novelty detection based on sentence level patterns.
2: METU Interoperable Database System.
2: Optimal multi-scale patterns in time series streams.
2: A Query Language for List-Based Complex Objects.
2: Function Materialization in Object Bases.
2: Views and queries: determinacy and rewriting.
2: Leveraging data and structure in ontology integration.
2: Clustering Through Decision Tree Construction.
2: An Incremental Approach to Building a Cluster Hierarchy.
2: Performance Evaluation of Extended Storage Architectures for Transaction Processing.
2: Semi-supervised nonlinear dimensionality reduction.
2: How a Personal Document's Intended Use or Purpose Affects its Classification in an Office.
2: An evaluation of binary XML encoding optimizations for fast stream based xml processing.
2: Planetary-scale views on a large instant-messaging network.
2: Resource selection for domain-specific cross-lingual IR.
2: Composite Document Extended Retrieval - An Overview.
2: The recap system for identifying information flow.
2: On the relation between multi-instance learning and semi-supervised learning.
2: Learning Declarative Control Rules for Constraint-BAsed Planning.
2: Mutual Consistency in Decentralized Distributed Systems.
2: Fast on-line index construction by geometric partitioning.
2: Computational Complexity of Itemset Frequency Satisfiability.
2: Principles of Optimally Placing Data in Tertiary Storage Libraries.
2: Using Unlabelled Data for Text Classification through Addition of Cluster Parameters.
2: A frequency-based and a poisson-based definition of the probability of being informative.
2: Efficient and Robust Feature Extraction and Pattern Matching of Time Series by a Lattice Structure.
2: Playing hide-and-seek with correlations.
2: An Expected Utility Approach to Active Feature-Value Acquisition.
2: Why we search: visualizing and predicting user behavior.
2: Personalized Queries under a Generalized Preference Model.
2: Inferring query models by computing information flow.
2: Progressive Modeling.
2: Restrictive clustering and metaclustering for self-organizing document collections.
2: Web usage mining based on probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
2: Supervised rank aggregation.
2: Using part-of-speech patterns to reduce query ambiguity.
2: Semantic Modeling of Object Oriented Databases.
2: Mining Approximate Frequent Itemsets from Noisy Data.
2: Mining phenotypes and informative genes from gene expression data.
2: Data Base Recovery at CMIC.
2: Comprehensive Approach to the Design of Relational Database Schemes.
2: A Multiresolution Symbolic Representation of Time Series.
2: Sampling Algorithms in a Stream Operator.
2: A Model of a Document-Clustering-Based Information Retrieval System with a Boolean Search Request Formulation.
2: DB2/XML: designing for evolution.
2: Flexible Relation: An Approach for Integrating Data from Multiple, Possibly Inconsistent Databases.
2: Freeform: A User-Adaptable Form Management System.
2: Microformats: a pragmatic path to the semantic web.
2: Methods and Rules.
2: Towards Effective and Efficient Free Space Management.
2: Recommendation on Item Graphs.
2: Guaranteeing Correctness and Availability in P2P Range Indices.
2: Reducing Storage for Quorum Consensus Algorithms.
2: The Decomposition of Human-Written Summary Sentences.
2: Joint Optimization of Cost and Coverage of Query Plans in Data Integration.
2: Data association for topic intensity tracking.
2: On-line unsupervised outlier detection using finite mixtures with discounting learning algorithms.
2: Statistical debugging: simultaneous identification of multiple bugs.
2: Efficient Processing of Window Queries in The Pyramid Data Structure.
2: The Heterogeneity Problem and Middleware Technology: Experiences with and Performance of Database Gateways.
2: Informia: A Mediator for Integrated Access to Heterogeneous Information Sources.
2: Solving Implication Problems in Database Applications.
2: Path Computation Algorithms for Advanced Traveller Information System (ATIS).
2: On Appropriate Assumptions to Mine Data Streams: Analysis and Practice.
2: Spatially-decaying aggregation over a network: model and algorithms.
2: Style mining of electronic messages for multiple authorship discrimination: first results.
2: Data Quality and Data Cleaning: An Overview.
2: SHIFT-SPLIT: I/O Efficient Maintenance of Wavelet-Transformed Multidimensional Data.
2: A Method for Monolingual Thesauri Merging.
2: USD - A Database Management System for Scientific Research.
2: Scope Classification: An Instance-Based Learning Algorithm with a Rule-Based Characterisation.
2: Learning Probabilistic Relational Models.
2: Representing and Querying XML with Incomplete Information.
2: Anonymity-preserving data collection.
2: Human Action Detection Using PNF Propagation of Temporal Constraints.
2: Structure-driven crawler generation by example.
2: High-Performance Unsupervised Relation Extraction from Large Corpora.
2: Remotely-Sensed Geophysical Databases: Experience and Implications for Generalized DBMS.
2: Co-clustering based classification for out-of-domain documents.
2: Mining Knowledge at Multiple Concept Levels.
2: Publish/Subscribe on the Web at Extreme Speed.
2: Bulk Loading into an OODB: A Performance Study.
2: The Design and an Example Use of Hearsay-III.
2: The Use of Implicit Evidence for Relevance Feedback in Web Retrieval.
2: Interval query indexing for efficient stream processing.
2: Improved Techniques for Processing Queries in Full-Text Systems.
2: Query Processing in Spatial Network Databases.
2: Performing Operations over Mismatched Domains.
2: Learning predictive representations from a history.
2: Exploration Control in Reinforcement Learning using Optimistic Model Selection.
2: Learning Physical Descriptions From Functional Definitions, Examples, and Precedents.
2: Analytical Modeling of Materialized View Maintenance.
2: Least-Cost Flaw Repair: A Plan Refinement Strategy for Partial-Order Planning.
2: PicASHOW: pictorial authority search by hyperlinks on the Web.
2: Multiversion Query Locking.
2: On the Evaluation Strategy of EDUCE.
2: Modelling and Querying Video Data.
2: Hits on question answer portals: exploration of link analysis for author ranking.
2: An Optimization Strategy for Recursive Queries in Logic Databases.
2: Bundles in Captivity: An Application of Superimposed Information.
2: Information extraction from biomedical literature: methodology, evaluation and an application.
2: The Inference Problem for Template Dependencies.
2: Management Of Schema Evolution In Databases.
2: Online Feedback for Nested Aggregate Queries with Multi-Threading.
2: Posting Compression in Dynamic Retrieval Environments.
2: Multilingual Keyword Extraction for Term Suggestion.
2: Fusion Queries over Internet Databases.
2: Translating and Optimizing SQL Queries Having Aggregates.
2: Multi-relational Decision Tree Induction.
2: Incremental maintenance for materialized XPath/XSLT views.
2: Memory-Limited Execution of Windowed Stream Joins.
2: Extracting query modifications from nonlinear SVMs.
2: fAST Refresh using Mass Query Optimization.
2: High Performance Data Mining Using the Nearest Neighbor Join.
2: Programming the K-means clustering algorithm in SQL.
2: Towards the Reverse Engineering of Denormalized Relational Databases.
2: Utility-based information distillation over temporally sequenced documents.
2: A Live-User Evaluation of Collaborative Web Search.
2: Browsing Large Digital Library Collections Using Classification Hierarchies.
2: A Method for Change Computation in Deductive Databases.
2: Efficient Processing of Outer Joins and Aggregate Functions.
2: Processing Real-Time, Non-Aggregate Queries with Time-Constraints in CASE-DB.
2: Utility scoring of product reviews.
2: Temporal Versus First-Order Logic to Query Temporal Databases.
2: Text Classification without Labeled Negative Documents.
2: Minimal document set retrieval.
2: Progressive and selective merge: computing top-k with ad-hoc ranking functions.
2: FluXQuery: An Optimizing XQuery Processor for Streaming XML Data.
2: A logical framework for temporal deductive databases.
2: Redundant documents and search effectiveness.
2: Information intelligence: metadata for information discovery, access, and integration.
2: A Path Removing Technique for Detecting Trigger Termination.
2: Integrating DCT and DWT for approximating cube streams.
2: Expected Mistake Bound Model for On-Line Reinforcement Learning.
2: Focused crawling for both topical relevance and quality of medical information.
2: Mining massively incomplete data sets by conceptual reconstruction.
2: Towards scalable support vector machines using squashing.
2: Locating Data Sources in Large Distributed Systems.
2: Logical Logging to Extend Recovery to New Domains.
2: Problems in the Simulation of Bibliographic Retrieval Systems.
2: Graph Indexing: Tree + Delta >= Graph.
2: Segmentation-based modeling for advanced targeted marketing.
2: Declarative Information Extraction Using Datalog with Embedded Extraction Predicates.
2: A Decomposition-Based Simulated Annealing Technique for Data Clustering.
2: The Bounded Disorder Access Method.
2: Value Function Based Production Scheduling.
2: Searching with context.
2: Efficient Search of Reliable Exceptions.
2: Improving Database Performance on Simultaneous Multithreading Processors.
2: Distributing A Database for Parallelism.
2: Magic-sets Transformation in Nonrecursive Systems.
2: Stepwise Specification of Dynamic Database Behaviour.
2: Supporting Top-k Join Queries in Relational Databases.
2: Knowing a web page by the company it keeps.
2: Languages for Relational Databases over Interpreted Structures.
2: Visualizing association rules with interactive mosaic plots.
2: BigSur: A System For the Management of Earth Science Data.
2: Hybrid index maintenance for growing text collections.
2: Some Theoretical Aspects of Boosting in the Presence of Noisy Data.
2: Learning to detect malicious executables in the wild.
2: Extending Attribute-Oriented Induction as a Key-Preserving Data Mining Method.
2: The Nonlinear Nature of Plans.
2: Efficient Subsequence Matching in Time Series Databases Under Time and Amplitude Transformations.
2: Diag-Join: An Opportunistic Join Algorithm for 1:N Relationships.
2: Mining web logs for prediction models in WWW caching and prefetching.
2: Modeling Mechanical CAD Data with Data Abstraction and Object-Oriented Techniques.
2: Mechanical Inference Prohlems in Continuous Speech Understanding.
2: A duality view of spectral methods for dimensionality reduction.
2: Inferring Function Semantics to Optimize Queries.
2: Topical TrustRank: using topicality to combat web spam.
2: Improving Relevance Feedback in the Vector Space Model.
2: The Design and Implementation of CoBase.
2: Supporting Access Control in an Object-Oriented Database Language.
2: The Hearsay Speech Understanding System: An Example of the Recognition Process.
2: A Superimposed Coding Scheme Based on Multiple Block Descriptor Files for Indexing Very Large Data Bases.
2: SAIU: An Efficient Cache Replacement Policy for Wireless On-demand Broadcasts.
2: Optimization of continuous queries with shared expensive filters.
2: Conceptual Knowledge Discovery in Databases Using Formal Concept Analysis Methods.
2: Hilda: A High-Level Language for Data-DrivenWeb Applications.
2: Identifying Relevant Databases for Multidatabase Mining.
2: Web service interfaces.
2: Incremental Maintenance for Non-Distributive Aggregate Functions.
2: Integrating Data Mining with SQL Databases: OLE DB for Data Mining.
2: Coarse-Grained Optimization: Techniques for Rewriting SQL Statement Sequences.
2: Coherent closed quasi-clique discovery from large dense graph databases.
2: Extraction and classification of dense communities in the web.
2: Using query-specific variance estimates to combine Bayesian classifiers.
2: Optimization and Evaluation of Database Queries Including Embedded Interpolation Procedures.
2: THALIA: Test Harness for the Assessment of Legacy Information Integration Approaches.
2: The Gold Mailer.
2: Loading Data into Description Reasoners.
2: An Execution Model for Distributed Database Transactions and Its Implementation in VPL.
2: Content-based trademark retrieval system using visually salient features.
2: Expected Error Analysis for Model Selection.
2: Random I/O Scheduling in Online Tertiary Storage Systems.
2: Macro-Operators in Multirelational Learning: A Search-Space Reduction Technique.
2: Learning a ranking from pairwise preferences.
2: The Microsoft Repository.
2: iMeMex: Escapes from the Personal Information Jungle.
2: Efficient Dynamic Programming Algorithms for Ordering Expensive Joins and Selections.
2: Dynamic and Structured Presentation of Database Contents on the Web.
2: XClust: clustering XML schemas for effective integration.
2: Learning k-Reversible Context-Free Grammars from Positive Structural Examples.
2: Text Mining: Finding Nuggets in Mountains of Textual Data.
2: Reducing the human overhead in text categorization.
2: Evaluation of Techniques for Classifying Biological Sequences.
2: Efficient inference with cardinality-based clique potentials.
2: Query Optimization for KBMSs: Temporal, Syntactic and Semantic Transformantions.
2: Query rewriting using active learning for sponsored search.
2: OPOSSUM: Desk-Top Schema Management through Customizable Visualization.
2: Quantitative Data Description.
2: Optimization of Nested Queries in a Complex Object Model.
2: Network-Aware Operator Placement for Stream-Processing Systems.
2: Approaching the Skyline in Z Order.
2: Branching on Attribute Values in Decision Tree Generation.
2: A shock grammar for recognition.
2: Retrieving Highly Dynamic, Widely Distributed Information.
2: ITS: An Efficient Limited-Memory Heuristic Tree Search Algorithm.
2: Data cleaning in microsoft SQL server 2005.
2: A software framework for matchmaking based on semantic web technology.
2: Efficient Data Mining for Maximal Frequent Subtrees.
2: Walking Through a Very Large Virtual Environment in Real-time.
2: A proposal for an owl rules language.
2: SVD based Term Suggestion and Ranking System.
2: Towards Effective Indexing for Very Large Video Sequence Database.
2: Learning from Little: Comparison of Classifiers Given Little Training.
2: Finding Nonrecursive Envelopes for Datalog Predicates.
2: Analysis of a low-dimensional linear model under recommendation attacks.
2: An Experimental Study of Factors Important in Document Ranking.
2: Improving Repair-Based Constraint Satisfaction Methods by Value Propagation.
2: The Automated Mapping of Plans for Plan Recognition.
2: Information re-retrieval: repeat queries in Yahoo's logs.
2: Order Preserving Compression.
2: Can Constant-time Maintainability Be More Practical?
2: Privacy and Ownership Preserving of Outsourced Medical Data.
2: A Decision Theory Approach to Optimal Automatic Indexing.
2: An Artificial Discourse Language for Collaborative Negotiation.
2: A Rule Engine for Query Transformation in Starburst and IBM DB2 C/S DBMS.
2: Effective & Efficient Document Ranking without using a Large Lexicon.
2: Text clustering with extended user feedback.
2: MailRank: using ranking for spam detection.
2: Sparse eigen methods by D.C. programming.
2: Practical Problems in Data Management - A Position Paper.
2: Topic hierarchy generation via linear discriminant projection.
2: The Design, Implementation, and Evaluation of an Object-Based Sharing Mechanism for Federated Database Systems.
2: Efficient Processing of Skyline Queries with Partially-Ordered Domains.
2: AIM - An Integrity Monitor for the Database System INGRES.
2: Data management projects at Google.
2: Why Not Negation by Fixpoint?
2: Any Algorithm in the Complex Object Algebra with Powerset Needs Exponential Space to Compute Transitive Closure.
2: A Single-File Version of Linear Hashing with Partial Expansions.
2: Form Operation By Example: A Language For Office Information Processing.
2: Identifying and discriminating between web and peer-to-peer traffic in the network core.
2: Using LDAP Directory Caches.
2: Why off-the-shelf RDBMSs are better at XPath than you might expect.
2: A general probabilistic framework for clustering individuals and objects.
2: Building and applying a concept hierarchy representation of a user profile.
2: Learning to learn with the informative vector machine.
2: Intelligent Query Answering in Deductive and Object-Oriented Databases.
2: Leveraging the margin more carefully.
2: God Doesn't Always Shave with Occam's Razor - Learning When and How to Prune.
2: BHUNT: Automatic Discovery of Fuzzy Algebraic Constraints in Relational Data.
2: RHist: adaptive summarization over continuous data streams.
2: A Polygen Model for Heterogeneous Database Systems: The Source Tagging Perspective.
2: Space-efficient Relative Error Order Sketch over Data Streams.
2: Core Vector Regression for very large regression problems.
2: Indexing Spatio-Temporal Trajectories with Chebyshev Polynomials.
2: Spatial Data Traversal in Road Map Databases: A Graph Indexing Approach.
2: Second-Order Signature: A Tool for Specifying Data Models, Query Processing, and Optimization.
2: Instance-Based Classification by Emerging Patterns.
2: Rainbow: mapping-driven XQuery processing system.
2: Space efficient mining of multigraph streams.
2: Indexing Values of Time Sequences.
2: Extending the Functional Data Model to Computational Completeness.
2: SQLCM: A Continuous Monitoring Framework for Relational Database Engines.
2: Applying Database Technology in the ADSM Mass Storage System.
2: The Use of Meta-Level Control for Coordination in a Distributed Problem Solving Network.
2: A System for Retrieving Speech Documents.
2: Query Clustering Using Content Words and User Feedback.
2: XML retrieval: what to retrieve?
2: Transparent Mid-Tier Database Caching in SQL Server.
2: Using term informativeness for named entity detection.
2: Why Discretization Works for Naive Bayesian Classifiers.
2: Auditory Stream Segregation in Auditory Scene Analysis with a Multi-Agent System.
2: Document Classification Using Multiword Features.
2: Estimation, sensitivity, and generalization in parameterized retrieval models.
2: Qualitative Decision Theory.
2: Cross-Language Information Retrieval with the UMLS Metathesaurus.
2: GADT: A Probability Space ADT for Representing and Querying the Physical World.
2: Efficient discriminative learning of Bayesian network classifier via boosted augmented naive Bayes.
2: COLT: continuous on-line tuning.
2: Probabilistic score estimation with piecewise logistic regression.
2: Document preprocessing for naive Bayes classification and clustering with mixture of multinomials.
2: Coral++: Adding Object-Orientation to a Logic Database Language.
2: Schema-Driven Evaluation of Approximate Tree-Pattern Queries.
2: An Adaptive Algorithm for Incremental Evaluation of Production Rules in Databases.
2: Learning by Analogy: A Classification Rule for Binary and Nominal Data.
2: Acquisition of categorized named entities for web search.
2: A Decision Procedure for Conjunctive Query Disjointness.
2: Representing Processes in the Extended Entity-Relationship Model.
2: Performance Measurement in a Fuzzy Retrieval Environment.
2: Selectively Generalizing Plans for Problem-Solving.
2: A study on the effects of personalization and task information on implicit feedback performance.
2: The Lotus Notes Storage System.
2: On reconciling data exchange, data integration, and peer data management.
2: Towards second and third generation web-based multimedia.
2: Exploiting hierarchical relationships in conceptual search.
2: Concepts of the Cover-Coefficient-Based Clustering Methodology.
2: Solving Domain Mismatch and Schema Mismatch Problems with an Object-Oriented Database Programming Language.
2: An Application of Least Squares Fit Mapping to Text Information Retrieval.
2: Anytime Measures for Top-k Algorithms.
2: Accurate, scalable in-network identification of p2p traffic using application signatures.
2: Efficient evaluation of queries in a mediator for WebSources.
2: Proximity-based document representation for named entity retrieval.
2: Relation between PLSA and NMF and implications.
2: On nearest neighbor indexing of nonlinear trajectories.
2: Web browsing performance of wireless thin-client computing.
2: Effective Computation of Biased Quantiles over Data Streams.
2: Improving the Discovery of Association Rules with Intensity of Implication.
2: Concurrency Control Mechanisms and the Serializability of Concurrent Tree Algorithms.
2: Simple Word Strings as Compound Keywords: An Indexing and Ranking Method for Japanese Texts.
2: How well does result relevance predict session satisfaction?
2: A Reliable Backend Using Multiattribute Clustering and Select-Join Operator.
2: Rule-Assisted Prefetching in Web-Server Caching.
2: How to Forget the Past Without Repeating It.
2: Granularity Hierarchies in Concurrency Control.
2: Mixed-initiative, multi-source information assistants.
2: A Similarity Graph-Based Approach to Declustering Problems and Its Application towards Paralleling Grid Files.
2: Optimizing Result Prefetching in Web Search Engines with Segmented Indices.
2: On Learning From Multi-Instance Examples: Empirical Evaluation of a Theoretical Approach.
2: Analysis of Recovery in a Database System Using a Write-Ahead Log Protocol.
2: Predicting Rare Events In Temporal Domains.
2: Ensemble Modeling Through Multiplicative Adjustment of Class Probability.
2: Object-Oriented and Database Concepts for the Design of Networked Information Retrieval Systems.
2: Transaction Synchronisation in Object Bases.
2: Mining correlated bursty topic patterns from coordinated text streams.
2: Efficient Processing of XML Path Queries Using the Disk-based F&B Index.
2: Execution Plan Balancing.
2: Modeling Time from a Conceptual Perspective.
2: Model compression.
2: Interactive wrapper generation with minimal user effort.
2: Some Lower Bounds for the Computational Complexity of Inductive Logic Programming.
2: Multi-User View Integration System (MUVIS): An Expert System for View Integration.
2: Graph-based synopses for relational selectivity estimation.
2: Convex optimization techniques for fitting sparse Gaussian graphical models.
2: Overlapping Statistical Word Indexing: A New Indexing Method for Japanese Text.
2: Learning the kernel matrix in discriminant analysis via quadratically constrained quadratic programming.
2: delta-Tolerance Closed Frequent Itemsets.
2: Learning and Inferring Transportation Routines.
2: Preference SQL - Design, Implementation, Experiences.
2: Tuning Schema Matching Software using Synthetic Scenarios.
2: Detecting similar documents using salient terms.
2: An Information-Retrieval Approach for Image Databases.
2: Access Path Selection in a Relational Database Management System.
2: The Input/Output Complexity of Transitive Closure.
2: Feature selection in a kernel space.
2: Centroid-Based Document Classification: Analysis and Experimental Results.
2: Real-Time Integrity Constraints.
2: Query Co-Processing on Commodity Processors.
2: Trajectory queries and octagons in moving object databases.
2: The 3W Model and Algebra for Unified Data Mining.
2: Efficient Concurrency Control for Broadcast Environments.
2: Differential Logging: A Commutative and Associative Logging Scheme for Highly Parallel Main Memory Databases.
2: Low-cost Addition of Preferences to DTPs and TCSPs.
2: QUIET: Continuous Query-driven Index Tuning.
2: The Constituent Object Parser: Syntactic Structure Matching for Information Retrieval.
2: Where the Really Hard Problems Are.
2: Identifying "best bet" web search results by mining past user behavior.
2: A Dynamic Perfect Hash Function Defined by an Extended Hash Indicator Table.
2: Mining Mutually Dependent Patterns.
2: An Overview of DB2 Parallel Edition.
2: Web application security assessment by fault injection and behavior monitoring.
2: Ranking very many typed entities on wikipedia.
2: Local Learning in Probabilistic Networks with Hidden Variables.
2: Temporal Coalescing with Now, Granularity, and Incomplete Information.
2: Time Modeling in Office Information Systems.
2: Securing web application code by static analysis and runtime protection.
2: Limits on Super-Resolution and How to Break Them.
2: Incremental context mining for adaptive document classification.
2: Pattern Tree Algebras: Sets or Sequences?
2: Web unit mining: finding and classifying subgraphs of web pages.
2: Instance-based Schema Matching for Web Databases by Domain-specific Query Probing.
2: Choice and Performance in Locking for Databases.
2: Two-dimensional solution path for support vector regression.
2: Towards a Logical-Object Oriented Programming Language for Databases.
2: Deciding well-definedness of XQuery fragments.
2: Applying Probabilistic Term Weighting to OCR Text in the Case of a Large Alphabetic Library Catalogue.
2: Experiences in Mining Aviation Safety Data.
2: Co-clustering Documents and Words Using Bipartite Isoperimetric Graph Partitioning.
2: Cleaning disguised missing data: a heuristic approach.
2: Long-Duration Transactions in Software Design Projects.
2: Combining online and offline knowledge in UCT.
2: Processing Sliding Window Multi-Joins in Continuous Queries over Data Streams.
2: Three theses of representation in the semantic web.
2: Implementing Lazy Database Updates for an Object Database System.
2: High-Performance Extensible Indexing.
2: Quality Scheme Assessment in the Clustering Process.
2: Production Rules in Parallel and Distributed Database Environments.
2: COSIMA - Your Smart, Speaking E-Salesperson.
2: Tensor-CUR decompositions for tensor-based data.
2: Integrity Constraints for XML.
2: An Online Video Placement Policy based on Bandwith to Space Ratio (BSR).
2: A Look Back and A Look Forward.
2: Predicting rare classes: can boosting make any weak learner strong?
2: Structured queries in XML retrieval.
2: Safety and Translation of Calculus Queries with Scalar Functions.
2: The Impact of Global Clustering on Spatial Database Systems.
2: Approaches to Conceptual Clustering.
2: A Decade of Progress in Indexing and Mining Large Time Series Databases.
2: P3C: A Robust Projected Clustering Algorithm.
2: ProbLog: A Probabilistic Prolog and Its Application in Link Discovery.
2: Predicting the Cost-Quality Trade-Off for Information Retrieval Queries: Facilitating Database Design and Query Optimization.
2: On Relational Support for XML Publishing: Beyond Sorting and Tagging.
2: Detecting online commercial intention (OCI).
2: An Efficient Database Storage Structure for Large Dynamic Objects.
2: Misuse detection for information retrieval systems.
2: TopCat: Data Mining for Topic Identification in a Text Corpus.
2: Focused named entity recognition using machine learning.
2: PicoDBMS: Validation and Experience.
2: FeatureBoost: A Meta-Learning Algorithm that Improves Model Robustness.
2: Inferences Involving Embedded Multivalued Dependencies and Transitive Dependencies.
2: Indexing text data under space constraints.
2: Caching and Database Scaling in Distributed Shard-Nothing Information Retrieval Systems.
2: Rule Induction in Cascade Model Based on Sum of Squares Decomposition.
2: On Active Learning for Data Acquisition.
2: YALE: rapid prototyping for complex data mining tasks.
2: The LIVE Project - Retrieval Experiments Based on Evaluation Viewpoints.
2: Atomic Garbage Collection: Managing a Stable Heap.
2: A Novel Index Supporting High Volume Data Warehouse Insertion.
2: High Contention in a Stock Trading Database: A Case Study.
2: Composite Events in Chimera.
2: ECA Rule Integration into an OODBMS: Architecture and Implementation.
2: Mining Association Rules: Anti-Skew Algorithms.
2: Data Warehousing: Dealing with the Growing Pains.
2: Continual Computation Policies for Utility-Directed Prefetching.
2: How to Tackle Schema Validation by View Updating.
2: A Brief Introduction to Boosting.
2: A Comparative Evaluation of Transparent Scaling Techniques for Dynamic Content Servers.
2: Telcordia's Database Reconciliation and Data Quality Analysis Tool.
2: Towards a Spatial Query Language: User Interface Considerations.
2: Evaluation of an extraction-based approach to answering definitional questions.
2: Caching with 'Good Enough' Currency, Consistency, and Completeness.
2: An experimental comparison of click position-bias models.
2: Extensions of marginalized graph kernels.
2: The HyperModel Benchmark.
2: Towards a Probabilistic Modal Logic for Semantic-based Information Retrieval.
2: Using titles and category names from editor-driven taxonomies for automatic evaluation.
2: On Modularity for Conceptual Data Models and the Consequences for Subtyping, Inheritance & Overriding.
2: Text Mining at the Term Level.
2: DRYADE: A New Approach for Discovering Closed Frequent Trees in Heterogeneous Tree Databases.
2: Extending Logging for Database Snapshot Refresh.
2: Privacy-Preserving Indexing of Documents on the Network.
2: Improved File Synchronization Techniques for Maintaining Large Replicated Collections over Slow Networks.
2: BlogScope: A System for Online Analysis of High Volume Text Streams.
2: Average-Case Analysis of a Nearest Neighbor Algorithm.
2: Mining contiguous sequential patterns from web logs.
2: Finding simple intensity descriptions from event sequence data.
2: Significance Tests for Patterns in Continuous Data.
2: Panel: Building and Using Test Collections.
2: NEXSORT: Sorting XML in External Memory.
2: Fast time series classification using numerosity reduction.
2: Single-pass online learning: performance, voting schemes and online feature selection.
2: Social Network Extraction of Academic Researchers.
2: Getting work done on the web: supporting transactional queries.
2: Strategic system comparisons via targeted relevance judgments.
2: Concepts for Transaction Recovery in Nested Transactions.
2: Consistency Techniques for Numeric CSPs.
2: On the lack of typical behavior in the global Web traffic network.
2: Eigenspace-based anomaly detection in computer systems.
2: Web projections: learning from contextual subgraphs of the web.
2: The Drill Down Benchmark.
2: Measuring Infinite Relations.
2: To randomize or not to randomize: space optimal summaries for hyperlink analysis.
2: Modeling Asynchrony in Distributed Databases.
2: Customer lifetime value modeling and its use for customer retention planning.
2: DAML+OIL: A Reason-able Web Ontology Language.
2: Lots o' Ticks: Real-Time High Performance Time Series Queries on Billions of Trades and Quotes.
2: A classifier for semi-structured documents.
2: Efficiently Answering Top-k Typicality Queries on Large Databases.
2: Using Qualitative Physics to Build Articulate Software for Thermodynamics Education.
2: Linear Asymmetric Classifier for cascade detectors.
2: Cross-relational clustering with user's guidance.
2: Some DML Instruction Sequences for Application Program Analysis and Conversion.
2: Load Shedding in a Data Stream Manager.
2: Two Epoch Algorithms for Disaster Recovery.
2: Using Object-Oriented Principles to Optimize Update Propagation to Materialized Views.
2: Infominer: mining surprising periodic patterns.
2: On anonymizing query logs via token-based hashing.
2: On the Complexity and Axiomatizability of Consistent Database States.
2: A Graphical User Interface for Structured Document Retrieval.
2: Distributed operation in the Borealis stream processing engine.
2: Qualified Answers That Reflect User Needs and Preferences.
2: Mining Motifs in Massive Time Series Databases.
2: Dynamics of bid optimization in online advertisement auctions.
2: Mining the Web for Synonyms: PMI-IR versus LSA on TOEFL.
2: XQuery by the Book: The IPSI XQuery Demonstrator.
2: Discovery of Association Rules over Ordinal Data: A New and Faster Algorithm and Its Application to Basket Analysis.
2: Discovering Frequent Geometric Subgraphs.
2: Monet And Its Geographic Extensions: A Novel Approach to High Performance GIS Processing.
2: PowerDB-IR - Information Retrieval on Top of a Database Cluster.
2: Joining Interval Data in Relational Databases.
2: Multi-Valued Logics.
2: Incorporating term dependency in the dfr framework.
2: Least squares linear discriminant analysis.
2: Major topic detection and its application to opinion summarization.
2: Performance Evaluation of a Temporal Database Management System.
2: A Probabilistic Approach to Metasearching with Adaptive Probing.
2: Integrating Heterogenous Overlapping Databases through Object-Oriented Transformations.
2: Disk Read-Write Optimizations and Data Integrity in Transaction Systems Using Write-Ahead Logging.
2: Incremental Evaluation of Rules and its Relationship to Parallelism.
2: Tractable database design through bounded treewidth.
2: Simple questions to improve pseudo-relevance feedback results.
2: Item selection by "hub-authority" profit ranking.
2: Efficient Search of Multi-Dimensional B-Trees.
2: Query Unnesting in Object-Oriented Databases.
2: QUILT: Implementing a Large-scale Cross-language Text Retrieval System.
2: Theoretical Results on Reinforcement Learning with Temporally Abstract Options.
2: Query Processing in a Heterogeneous Retrieval Network.
2: The Complexity of Global Constraints.
2: Hunter gatherer: interaction support for the creation and management of within-web-page collections.
2: TEG: a hybrid approach to information extraction.
2: Query Processing in Deductive Databases with Incomplete Information.
2: Combining RDF and XML schemas to enhance interoperability between metadata application profiles.
2: Iterative translation disambiguation for cross-language information retrieval.
2: Fuzzy translation of cross-lingual spelling variants.
2: Fault Tolerant Design of Multimedia Servers.
2: Speeding up search in peer-to-peer networks with a multi-way tree structure.
2: Supporting ranking and clustering as generalized order-by and group-by.
2: Column-generation boosting methods for mixture of kernels.
2: Fragments of Relations.
2: Dynamic Queries over Mobile Objects.
2: Predicate Result Range Caching for Continuous Queries.
2: Pay-as-you-go user feedback for dataspace systems.
2: Data Sharing in the Hyperion Peer Database System.
2: Data Extraction and Transformation for the Data Warehouse.
2: Query Engines for Web-Accessible XML Data.
2: Hash-Based Join Algorithms for Multiprocessor Computers.
2: Topic evolution and social interactions: how authors effect research.
2: Sentence completion.
2: A microeconomic data mining problem: customer-oriented catalog segmentation.
2: Algorithm Synthesis through Problem Reformulation.
2: Uncertainty-Based Noise Reduction and Term Selection in Text Categorization.
2: A knowledge-based search engine powered by wikipedia.
2: Hierarchical Database Decomposition - A Technique for Database Concurrency Control.
2: A Monte Carlo analysis of ensemble classification.
2: Object-Oriented Specification of Databases: An Algebraic Approach.
2: Mining blog stories using community-based and temporal clustering.
2: A martingale framework for concept change detection in time-varying data streams.
2: iDM: A Unified and Versatile Data Model for Personal Dataspace Management.
2: DOODLE: A Visual Language for Object-Oriented Databases.
2: Building Sparse Large Margin Classifiers.
2: A Plan-Operator Concept for Client-Based Knowledge Progressing.
2: RL-TOPS: An Architecture for Modularity and Re-Use in Reinforcement Learning.
2: CBC: Clustering Based Text Classification Requiring Minimal Labeled Data.
2: Characterization of Well-Behaved Database Schemata and Their Update Semantics.
2: A Case-Based Approach To Intelligent Information Retrieval.
2: PLASTIC: Reducing Query Optimization Overheads through Plan Recycling.
2: GARI: A Problem Solver That Plans How to Machine Mechanical Parts.
2: A generalized framework for mining spatio-temporal patterns in scientific data.
2: Temporal Queries in OLAP.
2: Verification of communicating data-driven web services.
2: The Fact Database: A System Based on Inferential Methods.
2: Query language support for incomplete information in the MayBMS system.
2: Computer aided detection via asymmetric cascade of sparse hyperplane classifiers.
2: Adaptive Linear Information Retrieval Models.
2: Pattern Matching and Pattern Discovery in Scientific, Program, and Document Databases.
2: Reinforcement Learning and Shaping: Encouraging Intended Behaviors.
2: N-Poisson - Document Modelling.
2: ModelGen: Model Independent Schema Translation.
2: General Game Learning Using Knowledge Transfer.
2: Bayesian Network Classification with Continuous Attributes: Getting the Best of Both Discretization and Parametric Fitting.
2: The Making of TPC-DS.
2: VAR-PAGE-LRU A Buffer Replacement Algorithm Supporting Different Page Sizes.
2: Inverting Relational Expressions - A Uniform and Natural Technique for Various Database Problems.
2: Prefetching in Realtime Database Applications.
2: Discriminative unsupervised learning of structured predictors.
2: IMMC: incremental maximum margin criterion.
2: Mining Positive and Negative Association Rules: An Approach for Confined Rules.
2: Statistical transliteration for english-arabic cross language information retrieval.
2: Visual Interactions with a Multidimensional Ranked List.
2: On the need for time series data mining benchmarks: a survey and empirical demonstration.
2: Automatic Query Expansion Based on Divergence.
2: Workflow management with service quality guarantees.
2: Data Mining on an OLTP System (Nearly) for Free.
2: Learning diverse rankings with multi-armed bandits.
2: On Spatially Partitioned Temporal Join.
2: Near-duplicate detection by instance-level constrained clustering.
2: Carnot and InfoSleuth: Database Technology and the World Wide Web.
2: Answering relationship queries on the web.
2: Nested Historical Relations.
2: A theoretical characterization of linear SVM-based feature selection.
2: Machine-Learning Applications of Algorithmic Randomness.
2: Object Integration in Logical Database Design.
2: Index Maintenance for Non-Uniform Record Distributions.
2: Efficient Mining from Large Databases by Query Learning.
2: Fast webpage classification using URL features.
2: Similarity Query Processing Using Disk Arrays.
2: The Distributed Information Search Component (Disco) and the World Wide Web.
2: Topic modeling: beyond bag-of-words.
2: Information Retrieval from an Incomplete Data Cube.
2: Using Approximations to Scale Exploratory Data Analysis in Datacubes.
2: How to Evaluate Multiple Range-Sum Queries Progressively.
2: Answering Queries in Relational Databases.
2: EP-X: A Demonstration of Semantically-Based Search of Bibliographic Databases.
2: Adversarial learning.
2: A Hybrid Nearest-Neighbor and Nearest-Hyperrectangle Algorithm.
2: Heterogeneous Query Processing through SQL Table Functions.
2: On the Power of Alexander Templates.
2: Performance of compressed inverted list caching in search engines.
2: New event detection based on indexing-tree and named entity.
2: Performance Evaluation of a Two-Phase Commit Based Protocol for DDBS.
2: Dynamic test collections: measuring search effectiveness on the live web.
2: Cooperative Transaction Hierarchies: A Transaction Model to Support Design Applications.
2: OSAM*KBMS: An Object-Oriented Knowledge Base Management System for Supporting Advanced Applications.
2: On Discovery of Extremely Low-Dimensional Clusters using Semi-Supervised Projected Clustering.
2: Using Association Rules for Fraud Detection in Web Advertising Networks.
2: A comparison of various approaches for using probabilistic dependencies in language modeling.
2: GraphMiner: a structural pattern-mining system for large disk-based graph databases and its applications.
2: Supporting Subseries Nearest Neighbor Search via Approximation.
2: Privacy-preserving Distributed Clustering using Generative Models.
2: Parallel Mining Algorithms for Generalized Association Rules with Classification Hierarchy.
2: Solving Grammatical Ambiguities within a Surface Syntactical Parser for Automatic Indexing.
2: Diagnosis of asynchronous discrete event systems: datalog to the rescue!
2: Adaptive Query Optimization in a Deductive Database System.
2: An Object-Oriented View Onto Public, Heterogeneous Text Databases.
2: Constraint Programming and Database Languages: A Tutorial.
2: VBI-Tree: A Peer-to-Peer Framework for Supporting Multi-Dimensional Indexing Schemes.
2: Robot Planning, Execution, and Monitoring in an Uncertain Environment.
2: Data Triage: An Adaptive Architecture for Load Shedding in TelegraphCQ.
2: Structural Matching and Discovery in Document Databases.
2: Correcting Noisy Data.
2: Aggregation Algorithms for Very Large Compressed Data Warehouses.
2: Model-shared subspace boosting for multi-label classification.
2: An Effective Method for Integrity Constraint Simplification.
2: Adaptive faceted browser for navigation in open information spaces.
2: How to Make Stacking Better and Faster While Also Taking Care of an Unknown Weakness.
2: BoostCluster: boosting clustering by pairwise constraints.
2: Reasoning in Multiple Belief Spaces.
2: The Use of Condition Types to Restrict Search in an AI Planner.
2: Top-Down Statistical Estimation on a Database.
2: Incomplete-data classification using logistic regression.
2: An Intelligent Robot with Cognition and Decision-Making Ability.
2: Compact Histograms for Hierarchical Identifiers.
2: An incremental algorithm for computing ranked full disjunctions.
2: A Characterization of Constant-time-mainteinability for BCNF Database Schemes.
2: Learning random walks to rank nodes in graphs.
2: On Verification of Database Temporal Constraints.
2: Modeling Transition.
2: Accessing Relational Databases from the World Wide Web.
2: A Multi-Agent Policy-Gradient Approach to Network Routing.
2: StreaMon: An Adaptive Engine for Stream Query Processing.
2: Effective Approaches for Partial Satisfaction (Over-Subscription) Planning.
2: Feature extraction via generalized uncorrelated linear discriminant analysis.
2: Qualitative reverse engineering.
2: Intra-Option Learning about Temporally Abstract Actions.
2: Mining Association Rules for Estimation and Prediction.
2: Security and Inference in Multilevel Database and Knowledge-Base Systems.
2: Safety of Datalog Queries over Infinite Databases.
2: Estimating Compilation Time of a Query Optimizer.
2: Analysis of Two Existing and One New Dynamic Programming Algorithm for the Generation of Optimal Bushy Join Trees without Cross Products.
2: Modeling and Managing Content Changes in Text Databases.
2: Integration of Incremental View Maintenance into Query Optimizers.
2: A Clustering Algorithm for Asymmetrically Related Data with Applications to Text Mining.
2: Basic Meanings of Spatial Relations: Computation and Evaluation in 3D Space.
2: Improve retrieval accuracy for difficult queries using negative feedback.
2: Reasoning about sets using redescription mining.
2: Automatically refining the wikipedia infobox ontology.
2: A Pattern Matching Language for Spatio-Temporal Databases.
2: Performance Evaluation of the Statistical Aggregation by Caterogization in the SM3 System.
2: Conflict-driven Load Control for the Avoidance of Data-Contention Thrashing.
2: Web-based personalization and management of interactive video.
2: Generating English summaries of time series data using the Gricean maxims.
2: On The Marriage of Lp-norms and Edit Distance.
2: A Constructive Definition of Third Normal Form.
2: Object/Behavior Diagrams.
1: Incremental Multi-Step Q-Learning.
1: Oblivious Decision Trees, Graphs, and Top-Down Pruning.
1: Efficient Context-Sensitive Plausible Inference for Information Disclosure.
1: The Newspaper Image Database: Empirical Supported Analysis of Users' Typology and Word Association Clusters.
1: SETH: A Quorum-Based Database System for Experimentation with Failures.
1: A Necessary Condition of Convergence for Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation.
1: Forms Approach to Requirements Specification for Database Design.
1: Concurrency Control and Recovery in Transactional Process Management.
1: Log-Based Recovery for Nested Transactions.
1: Efficient Exploration of Large Scientific Databases.
1: Evaluation of Rule Interestingness Measures with a Clinical Dataset on Hepatitis.
1: Implementation and Measurements of Efficient Communication Facilities for Distributed Database Systems.
1: Information awareness: a prospective technical assessment.
1: Short Time Periods.
1: The utility of linguistic rules in opinion mining.
1: On B-Trees: Routing Schemes and Concurrency.
1: Bayesian pattern ranking for move prediction in the game of Go.
1: Query taxonomy generation for web search.
1: Solving Time-Dependent Planning Problems.
1: XQuery containment in presence of variable binding dependencies.
1: Answering Queries Using Views with Arithmetic Comparisons.
1: Evaluating a Content Based Image Retrieval System.
1: StreamMiner: A Classifier Ensemble-based Engine to Mine Concept-drifting Data Streams.
1: Maximizing Buffer and Disk Utilizations for News On-Demand.
1: Learning to detect phishing emails.
1: Enhancing Text Clustering Using Concept-based Mining Model.
1: Combining the web content and usage mining to understand the visitor behavior in a web site.
1: Materialized View Selection for Multidimensional Datasets.
1: Triggered Real-Time Databases with Consistency Constraints.
1: Data Staging for On-Demand Broadcast.
1: Asymptotic Bayesian generalization error when training and test distributions are different.
1: Feature selection with conditional mutual information maximin in text categorization.
1: Evaluating Recursive Queries in CAD Using an Extended Projection Function.
1: Discovery of climate indices using clustering.
1: Learning first-order probabilistic models with combining rules.
1: Supporting Partial Data Accesses to Replicated Data.
1: Constructing Queries from Tokens.
1: Semantic Search and Semantic Categorization (Abstract).
1: A Lemma Driven Automatic Theorem Prover for Recursive Function Theory.
1: Ranking queries on uncertain data: a probabilistic threshold approach.
1: Handling Continuous-Valued Attributes in Decision Tree with Neural Network Modelling.
1: Elements of the Randomized Combinatorial File Structure.
1: An Approach to Image Retrieval from Large Image Databases.
1: Resource management for scalable disconnected access to Web services.
1: MMAC: A New Multi-Class, Multi-Label Associative Classification Approach.
1: Fast-Start: Quick Fault Recovery in Oracle.
1: Multiple instance learning for sparse positive bags.
1: GPIVOT: Efficient Incremental Maintenance of Complex ROLAP Views.
1: An analytic solution to discrete Bayesian reinforcement learning.
1: WBCsvm: Weighted Bayesian Classification based on Support Vector Machines.
1: DSCL - A Data Specification and Conversion Language for Networks.
1: Foundations for Multifile Design by Application Partitioning.
1: Measuring concept relatedness using language models.
1: Conditional XPath, the First Order Complete XPath Dialect.
1: The Continued Saga of DB-IR Integration.
1: Regularizing translation models for better automatic image annotation.
1: Some Classes of Multilevel Relational Structures.
1: The Viewer's Place in Theories of Vision.
1: Performance of Self-Taught Documents: Exploiting Co-Relevance Structure in a Document Collection.
1: Discovering Frequent Arrangements of Temporal Intervals.
1: IDBD - An Interactive Design Tool for CODASYL-DBTG-Type Data bases.
1: Watermarking Relational Databases.
1: Exploiting Algebraic Structure in Parallel State Space Search.
1: Fluid annotations through open hypermedia: using and extending emerging web standards.
1: Learning Rules from Highly Unbalanced Data Sets.
1: Measuring the Informativeness of a Retrieval Process.
1: FLASH: A Language-Independent, Portable File Access System.
1: Database Cost Analysis: a Top-Down Approach.
1: Scalable modeling of real graphs using Kronecker multiplication.
1: A latent semantic classification model.
1: Mining the Smallest Association Rule Set for Predictions.
1: Privacy-Sensitive Bayesian Network Parameter Learning.
1: The Limits of Qualitative Simulation.
1: Using historical data to enhance rank aggregation.
1: Maintaining time-decaying stream aggregates.
1: Ranking with Predictive Clustering Trees.
1: Pipelined Query Processing in the DBGraph Storage Model.
1: Mining Constrained Association Rules to Predict Heart Disease.
1: The Effects of Training Set Size on Decision Tree Complexity.
1: Incorporating query term dependencies in language models for document retrieval.
1: A Deductive and Object-Oriented Database System: Why and How?
1: Informix Online XPS.
1: An Analysis of Functional Trees.
1: Optimization of Multiple-Relation Multiple-Disjunct Queries.
1: An intrinsic reward mechanism for efficient exploration.
1: LINQ: reconciling object, relations and XML in the .NET framework.
1: The Interaction between Functional Dependencies and Template Dependencies.
1: Measuring article quality in wikipedia: models and evaluation.
1: Peculiarity Oriented Multi-database Mining.
1: Semi-Supervised Regression with Co-Training.
1: Anchor Text Mining for Translation Extraction of Query Terms.
1: Full regularization path for sparse principal component analysis.
1: On the Architecture of a System Integrating Data Base Management and Information Retrieval.
1: Implementing Queries and Updates on Universal Scheme Interfaces.
1: Association Rule Mining in Peer-to-Peer Systems.
1: Depth Estimation for Ranking Query Optimization.
1: SNAP: Efficient Snapshots for Back-in-Time Execution.
1: Clustering via Matrix Powering.
1: A Trajectory Splitting Model for Efficient Spatio-Temporal Indexing.
1: Language-specific models in multilingual topic tracking.
1: Search strategies in content-based image retrieval.
1: Tapes Hold Data, Too: Challenges of Tuples on Tertiary Store.
1: Affine Structure and Photometry.
1: Feature engineering for mobile (SMS) spam filtering.
1: AC-Close: Efficiently Mining Approximate Closed Itemsets by Core Pattern Recovery.
1: Implementation of SQL3 Structured Types with Inheritance and Value Substitutability.
1: A Frequency-based Approach for Mining Coverage Statistics in Data Integration.
1: Database Snapshots.
1: Securing XML Documents: the Author-X Project Demonstration.
1: XPORT: extensible profile-driven overlay routing trees.
1: Learning table access cardinalities with LEO.
1: Formal Data Base Specification - An Eclectic Perspective.
1: Visual Semantics: Extracting Visual information from Text Accompanying Pictures.
1: Data Engineering in Software Development Environments.
1: Dynamic Update Cube for Range-sum Queries.
1: Social Capital in Friendship-Event Networks.
1: A Graph-Theoretic Approach to Indexing in Object-Oriented Databases.
1: An empirical study on retrieval models for different document genres: patents and newspaper articles.
1: Ranking in context using vector spaces.
1: Privacy-preservation for gradient descent methods.
1: Connectionist temporal classification: labelling unsegmented sequence data with recurrent neural networks.
1: Activity Model: A Declarative Approach for Capturing Communication Behavior in Object-Oriented Databases.
1: An Analysis Technique for Transitive Closure Algorithms: A Statistical Approach.
1: Buffer and I/O Resource Pre-allocation for Implementing Batching and Buffering Techniques for Video-on-Demand Systems.
1: Techniques for Measuring the Stability of Clustering: A Comparative Study.
1: A Functional Clustering Method for Optimal Access to Complex Domains in a Relational DBMS.
1: A Quantitative Comparison of Lockprotocols for Centralized Databases.
1: Information Synthesis in Statistical Databases.
1: Taxonomies by the numbers: building high-performance taxonomies.
1: The Query Optimizer in Tandem's new ServerWare SQL Product.
1: Statistical Color Models with Application to Skin Detection.
1: Towards More Creative Case-Based Design Systems.
1: On the Duality of Distributed Databases and Distributed AI Systems.
1: Representation of the Historical Information Necessary for Temporal Integrity Monitoring.
1: Attention-based information retrieval.
1: Locally adaptive classification piloted by uncertainty.
1: The Time Index+: An Incremental Access Structure for Temporal Databases.
1: Continuous Reverse Nearest Neighbor Monitoring.
1: SERF: Schema Evalution through an Extensible, Re-usable and Flexible Framework.
1: Query expansion using probabilistic local feedback with application to multimedia retrieval.
1: Process Automation as the Foundation for E-Business.
1: Algorithm for Matching Sets of Time Series.
1: Situated Plan Attribution for Intelligent Tutoring.
1: MapInfo SpatialWare: A Spatial Information Server for RDBMS.
1: Summarizing email conversations with clue words.
1: Solving cluster ensemble problems by bipartite graph partitioning.
1: Checkpointing Memory-Resident Databases.
1: Using Constraints to Building Version Spaces.
1: A Fast Algorithm for Computing Hypergraph Transversals and its Application in Mining Emerging Patterns.
1: XBase: making your gigabyte disk queriable.
1: You are what you say: privacy risks of public mentions.
1: Creating Abstractions Using Relevance Reasoning.
1: Evaluation of partial path queries on xml data.
1: A Document-Document Similarity Measure Based on Cited Titles and Probability Theory, and Its Application to Relevance Feedback Retrieval.
1: The Power of Methods With Parallel Semantics.
1: Storage and Access Structures to Support a Semantic Data Model.
1: Map-reduce-merge: simplified relational data processing on large clusters.
1: Data Densification in a Relational Database System.
1: Scholarly publishing and argument in hyperspace.
1: Deleting Completed Transactions.
1: Managing versions of web documents in a transaction-time web server.
1: Transliteration of proper names in cross-language applications.
1: Efficient Aggregation of Ranked Inputs.
1: Decision Tables: Scalable Classification Exploring RDBMS Capabilities.
1: Nested Transactions in a Combined IRS-DBMS Architecture.
1: A Programming Tool for Management of a Predicate-Calculus-Oriented Data Base.
1: A Description Classifier for the Predicate Calculus.
1: Perspectives of a Semantic Schema.
1: Improving Regressors using Boosting Techniques.
1: Reference-based Indexing of Sequence Databases.
1: Classification with Degree of Membership: A Fuzzy Approach.
1: Stereo Vision for View Synthesis.
1: From Application Shell to Knowledge Acquisition System.
1: OLAP++: Powerful and Easy-to-Use Federations of OLAP and Object Databases.
1: Evaluation of prediction models for marketing campaigns.
1: Indexing emails and email threads for retrieval.
1: Provisioning Heterogeneous and Unreliable Providers for Service Workflows.
1: Mining viewpoint patterns in image databases.
1: Safeguarding and Charging for Information on the Internet.
1: Some Features of the TAXIS Data Model.
1: A Semantically Guided Deductive System for Automatic Theorem-Proving.
1: The Effect of Skewed Data Access on Buffer Hits and Data Contention an a Data Sharing Environment.
1: The Semantic Binary Relationship Model of Information.
1: Information Extraction in Structured Documents Using Tree Automata Induction.
1: Improving personalized web search using result diversification.
1: Load balancing for term-distributed parallel retrieval.
1: Applying Data Mining Techniques to a Health Insurance Information System.
1: The case for a wide-table approach to manage sparse relational data sets.
1: Trend Graphs: Visualizing the Evolution of Concept Relationships in Large Document Collections.
1: A Performance Evaluation of Similarity Measures, Document Term Weighting Schemes and Representations in a Boolean Environment.
1: Finding Transport Proteins in a General Protein Database.
1: Improving Fault Tolerance and Supporting Partial Writes in Structured Coterie Protocols for Replicated Objects.
1: Predicting category accesses for a user in a structured information space.
1: High Performance Index Build Algorithms for Intranet Search Engines.
1: Incremental approximate matrix factorization for speeding up support vector machines.
1: Q2: Memory-Based Active Learning for Optimizing Noisy Continuous Functions.
1: From XML View Updates to Relational View Updates: old solutions to a new problem.
1: Content-based Multimedia Information Management.
1: Mining Both Positive and Negative Association Rules.
1: Boosting support vector machines for text classification through parameter-free threshold relaxation.
1: Bottom-Up Evaluation of Logic Programs Using Binary Decision Diagrams.
1: The Role of Prototypicality in Exemplar-Based Learning.
1: Evolving Neural Networks to Focus Minimax Search.
1: Query-sets: using implicit feedback and query patterns to organize web documents.
1: A phonotactic-semantic paradigm for automatic spoken document classification.
1: Reference Model for Ada Interfaces to Database Management Systems.
1: ULIXES: Building Relational Views over the Web.
1: Optimizing the Induction of Alternating Decision Trees.
1: Praire: A Rule Specification Framework for Query Optimizers.
1: A Framework for Data Mining Pattern Management.
1: A Prolog Interface to a Functional Data Model Database.
1: Orange: From Experimental Machine Learning to Interactive Data Mining.
1: Combining Multiple Classifiers for Text Categorization.
1: Index Access with a Finite Buffer.
1: Frame Activated Inferences in a Story Understanding Program.
1: Investigations into the Application of the Relational Model to Data Translation.
1: Complete Geometrical Query Languages.
1: Efficient Evaluation of Traversal Recursive Queries Using Connectivity Index.
1: Incremental Support Vector Machine Construction.
1: The Next Database Revolution.
1: Thread detection in dynamic text message streams.
1: ECRINS/86: An Extended Entity-Relationship Data Base Management System and its Semantic Query Language.
1: Proxy-Server Architectures for OLAP.
1: Alternate Representation of Distance Matrices for Characterization of Protein Structure.
1: ACXESS - Access Control for XML with Enhanced Security Specifications.
1: The New Database Imperatives.
1: A Framework for Designing Update Objects to Improve Server Scalability in Intermittently Synchronized Databases.
1: Vertical Data Migration in Large Near-Line Document Archives Based on Markov-Chain Predictions.
1: R-trees with Update Memos.
1: Shape Indexing Using Approximate Nearest-Neighbour Search in High-Dimensional Spaces.
1: Model Checking Temporal Logics of Knowledge in Distributed Systems.
1: Enhancing the Plausibility of Law Equation Discovery.
1: Minimax Entropy and Learning by Diffusion.
1: A Generalized Kalman Filter for Fixed Point Approximation and Efficient Temporal Difference Learning.
1: On the Correctness Criteria of Fine-Grained Access Control in Relational Databases.
1: An Adaptive Learning Approach for Noisy Data Streams.
1: A Pipeline and Parallel Architecture for Supporting Database Management Systems.
1: AST: Support for Algorithm Selection with a CBR Approach.
1: Integration of Data Mining with Database Technology.
1: Generalizing PageRank: damping functions for link-based ranking algorithms.
1: A Contention Based Dynamic Consistency Maintenance Scheme for Client Cache.
1: Ideal Theory Refinement under Object Identity.
1: Learning When Negative Examples Abound.
1: Intended Models, Circumscription and Commonsense Reasoning.
1: Mining Similar Temporal Patterns in Long Time-Series Data and Its Application to Medicine.
1: Compiling Circumscriptive Theories into Logic Programs.
1: On Formalizing Database Updates: Preliminary Report.
1: Hierarchical Declustering Schemes for Range Queries.
1: Generalization Lattices.
1: Local learning projections.
1: Structural extraction from visual layout of documents.
1: A Method of Geographical Name Extraction from Japanese Text for Thematic Geographical Search.
1: Join-distinct aggregate estimation over update streams.
1: Gorder: An Efficient Method for KNN Join Processing.
1: A Classification Algorithm for Supporting Object-Oriented Views.
1: Extending and inferring functional dependencies in schema transformation.
1: SDDM - A Prototype of a Distributed Architecture for Database Security.
1: An Analysis of Cardinality Constraints in Redundant Relationships.
1: Probabilistic workflow mining.
1: Privately Computing a Distributed k-nn Classifier.
1: Making generative classifiers robust to selection bias.
1: Integrating Automatic Data Acquisition with Business Processes - Experiences with SAP's Auto-ID Infrastructure.
1: Raising the baseline for high-precision text classifiers.
1: Outlier detection by active learning.
1: Efficient closed pattern mining in the presence of tough block constraints.
1: Comparing Naive Bayes, Decision Trees, and SVM with AUC and Accuracy.
1: PAC model-free reinforcement learning.
1: Analysis of lexical signatures for finding lost or related documents.
1: Classification in the KL-ONE Knowledge Representation System.
1: Aggregate Aware Caching for Multi-Dimensional Queries.
1: Distributed query sampling: a quality-conscious approach.
1: Parallelizing the buckshot algorithm for efficient document clustering.
1: Spatio-Temporal Retrieval with RasDaMan.
1: 2PXMiner: an efficient two pass mining of frequent XML query patterns.
1: A Sound and Complete Query Evaluation Algorithm for Relational Databases with Disjunctive Information.
1: Object Identification with Constraints.
1: Avatar semantic search: a database approach to information retrieval.
1: Automatic Labeling of Self-Organizing Maps: Making a Treasure-Map Reveal Its Secrets.
1: GnatDb: A Small-Footprint, Secure Database System.
1: XML and relational database management systems: the inside story.
1: Explanation-Augmented SVM: an approach to incorporating domain knowledge into SVM learning.
1: A Tight Upper Bound on the Number of Candidate Patterns.
1: Learning Curved Multinomial Subfamilies for Natural Language Processing and Information Retrieval.
1: Algorithms for Spatial Outlier Detection.
1: Rainbow: Multi-XQuery Optimization Using Materialized XML Views.
1: Kernel Predictive Linear Gaussian models for nonlinear stochastic dynamical systems.
1: Solving regression problems with rule-based ensemble classifiers.
1: A link classification based approach to website topic hierarchy generation.
1: An Improved Predictive Accuracy Bound for Averaging Classifiers.
1: Mining Video Associations for Efficient Database Management.
1: Non-negative tensor factorization with applications to statistics and computer vision.
1: Similarity-Driven Sampling for Data Mining.
1: ODDESSY: An Object-Oriented Database Design System.
1: SuperSQL: An Extended SQL for Database Publishing and Presentation.
1: Cost of Distributed Deadlock Detection: A Performance Study.
1: Indexing Images in Oracle8i.
1: Inducing Process Models from Continuous Data.
1: A Structure Based Schema Integration Methodology.
1: Quasi-inverses of schema mappings.
1: The Effect of Target Applications on the Design of Database Machines.
1: How to Determine a Good Multi-Programming Level for External Scheduling.
1: Evaluating Boosting Algorithms to Classify Rare Classes: Comparison and Improvements.
1: Maintaining Materialized Views in Distributed Databases.
1: Performance thresholding in practical text classification.
1: Supporting Ontology-Based Semantic matching in RDBMS.
1: Finding Hierarchical Heavy Hitters in Data Streams.
1: Multiscale topic tomography.
1: The Use of Parallelism to Implement a Heuristic Search.
1: Open user profiles for adaptive news systems: help or harm?
1: Rates of Convergence for Variable Resolution Schemes in Optimal Control.
1: Tumor cell identification using features rules.
1: A Classification Based Similarity Metric for 3D Image Retrieval .
1: The CORE Electronic Chemistry Library.
1: On detecting space-time clusters.
1: Semantic Networks and the Generation of Context.
1: Mining Frequent Itemsets from Secondary Memory.
1: Future Trends in Data Base Systems.
1: Database in Crisis and Transition: A Technical Agenda for the Year 2001.
1: Using the CALANDA Time Series Management System.
1: Business Process Coordination: State of the Art, Trends, and Open Issues.
1: Summarization of Discussion Groups.
1: A maximum entropy web recommendation system: combining collaborative and content features.
1: Collective Object Identification.
1: Optimizing Random Retrievals from CLV format Optical Disks.
1: Information genealogy: uncovering the flow of ideas in non-hyperlinked document databases.
1: A Relational Database View Update Translation Mechanism.
1: The Alps at Your Fingertips: Virtual Reality and Geoinformation Systems.
1: A Fast General-Purpose Hardware Synchronisation Mechanism.
1: Modeling Physical Systems by Complex Structural Objects and Complex Functional Objects.
1: Query-Sensitive Similarity Measure for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
1: A Polynomial Time Algorithm for Optimizing Join Queries.
1: VERSANT Replication: Supporting Fault-Tolerant Object Databases.
1: Fine-granularity Locking and Client-Based Logging for Distributed Architectures.
1: Finding Picture Edges through Collinearity of Feature Points.
1: Heterogeneous data fusion for alzheimer's disease study.
1: Improving Home Automation by Discovering Regularly Occurring Device Usage Patterns.
1: A Synchronization Based Algorithm for Discovering Ellipsoidal Clusters in Large Datasets.
1: A Textual Object Management System.
1: Specification-Based Computing Environments for Information Management.
1: Optimized cutting plane algorithm for support vector machines.
1: Concise Representation of Frequent Patterns Based on Generalized Disjunction-Free Generators.
1: Hard Problems for Simple Logic Programs.
1: Rdb/VMS Support for Multi-media Databases.
1: Detecting graph-based spatial outliers: algorithms and applications (a summary of results).
1: Mining Frequent Spatio-Temporal Sequential Patterns.
1: Experiments in Japanese Text Retrieval and Routing Using the NEAT System.
1: Forecasting and Assessing the Impact of Artificial Intelligence on Society.
1: A Symbolic Generalization of Probability Theory.
1: How Much Noise Is Too Much: A Study in Automatic Text Classification.
1: Relative Knowledge in a Distributed Database.
1: Effective Density Queries on ContinuouslyMoving Objects.
1: Improving Search through Diversity.
1: Training a Selection Function for Extraction.
1: Diversity versus Quality in Classification Ensembles Based on Feature Selection.
1: Fast Algorithms for Mining Emerging Patterns.
1: Cross-domain transfer for reinforcement learning.
1: Interactive path analysis of web site traffic.
1: Document clustering based on cluster validation.
1: Analysis of Common Subexpression Exploitation Models in Multiple-Query Processing.
1: Constructing a text corpus for inexact duplicate detection.
1: Topic prediction based on comparative retrieval rankings.
1: Xmas: An Extensible Main-Memory Storage System.
1: Fixed-Point Query Languages for Linear Constraint Databases.
1: Efficient Search in Very Large Databases.
1: Parallelism and Concurrency Control Performance in Distributed Database Machines.
1: A Case-Based Approach to Information Integration.
1: Exponentiated Gradient Methods for Reinforcement Learning.
1: Proving Theorems about LISP Functions.
1: Determining Property Relevance in Concept Formation by Computing Correlation Between Properties.
1: Lazy Database Replication with Snapshot Isolation.
1: Similarity Search for Adaptive Ellipsoid Queries Using Spatial Transformation.
1: An Object-Oriented Query Processor that Produces Monotonically Improving Approximate Answers.
1: ZOO : A Desktop Experiment Management Environment.
1: Chip-Secured Data Access: Confidential Data on Untrusted Servers.
1: Information graphics: an untapped resource for digital libraries.
1: WAPS, a Data Mining Support Environment for the Planning of Warranty and Goodwill Costs in the Automobile Industry.
1: XVM: a bridge between xml data and its behavior.
1: Constructing basis functions from directed graphs for value function approximation.
1: Topic-oriented query expansion for web search.
1: Inferring User's Preferences using Ontologies.
1: Properties and Benefits of Calibrated Classifiers.
1: Accelerating Nonnumerical Processing by an Extended Vector Processor.
1: Integrity Auditing of Outsourced Data.
1: Global distance-based segmentation of trajectories.
1: Incremental Maximization of Non-Instance-Averaging Utility Functions with Applications to Knowledge Discovery Problems.
1: Relationship Merging in Schema Integration.
1: Cluster analysis of heterogeneous rank data.
1: Stochastic Attribute Selection Committees with Aultiple Boosting: Learning More Accurate and More Stable Classifer Committees.
1: Personal Ontologies for Web Navigation.
1: SQLB: A Query Allocation Framework for Autonomous Consumers and Providers.
1: A Specialized Data Management System For Parallel Execution of Particle Physics Codes.
1: The Tree Quorum Protocol: An Efficient Approach for Managing Replicated Data.
1: A system for principled matchmaking in an electronic marketplace.
1: Type inference for datalog and its application to query optimisation.
1: Adaptive Reorganization of Coherency-Preserving Dissemination Tree for Streaming Data.
1: Using query contexts in information retrieval.
1: A Transaction Logic for Database Specification.
1: A singer identification technique for content-based classification of MP3 music objects.
1: Yoo-Hoo! Building a Presence Service with XQuery and WSDL.
1: sTeam - Designing an integrative infrastructure for Web-based computer-supported cooperative learning.
1: CanTree: A Tree Structure for Efficient Incremental Mining of Frequent Patterns.
1: Problems with Kendall's tau.
1: Artificial Intelligence Implications for Information Retrieval.
1: Robust mixtures in the presence of measurement errors.
1: Learning User Evaluation Functions for Adaptive Scheduling Assistance.
1: Bayesian Networks for Lossless Dataset Compression.
1: Profile-based event tracking.
1: Visualization of Search Results: A Comparative Evaluation of Text, 2D, and 3D Interfaces.
1: Exploiting asymmetry in hierarchical topic extraction.
1: Oversearching and Layered Search in Empirical Learning.
1: The Architecture of the FAIM-1 Symbolic Multiprocessing System.
1: CCAM: A Connectivity-Clustered Access Method for Aggregate Queries on Transportation Networks: A Summary of Results.
1: Multiclass multiple kernel learning.
1: An Overview of the Object-Oriented Functional Data Language.
1: Estimation of False Negatives in Classification.
1: Navigating large-scale semi-structured data in business portals.
1: Discovering Partial Orders in Binary Data.
1: Query Rewrite for XML in Oracle XML DB.
1: Executing Stream Joins on the Cell Processor.
1: A pitfall and solution in multi-class feature selection for text classification.
1: Reliable Detection of Episodes in Event Sequences.
1: On the Expected Size of Recursive Datalog Queries.
1: Voronoi-Based K Nearest Neighbor Search for Spatial Network Databases.
1: Simultaneous optimization of complex mining tasks with a knowledgeable cache.
1: High-quantile modeling for customer wallet estimation and other applications.
1: News Sensitive Stock Trend Prediction.
1: Concurrency Control and Recovery of Multidatabase Work Flows in Telecommunication Applications.
1: Toward Bayesian Classifiers with Accurate Probabilities.
1: Remembrance of Streams Past: Overload-Sensitive Management of Archived Streams.
1: Online kernel PCA with entropic matrix updates.
1: CWS: a comparative web search system.
1: Polynomial filtering in latent semantic indexing for information retrieval.
1: Merging Techniques for Performing Data Fusion on the Web.
1: Schemapath, a minimal extension to xml schema for conditional constraints.
1: Mining Inter-Transaction Associations with Templates.
1: Efficiently handling feature redundancy in high-dimensional data.
1: Towards NIC-based intrusion detection.
1: A Mechanical Solution of Schubert's Steamroller by Many-Sorted Resolution.
1: Automatic Acquisition of Phrasal Knowledge for English-Chinese Bilingual Information Retrieval.
1: DOLORES: A System for Logic-Based Retrieval of Multimedia Objects.
1: Efficient Clustering of Uncertain Data.
1: Screening and interpreting multi-item associations based on log-linear modeling.
1: The MLPQ/GIS Constraint Database System.
1: A Database Platform for Bioinformatics.
1: Certified email with a light on-line trusted third party: design and implementation.
1: An Empirical Comparison of ID3 and Back-propagation.
1: Integrating Static and Dynamic Voting Protocols To Enhance File Availability.
1: A Theory of Data Dependencies over Relational Expressions.
1: Measuring the meaning in time series clustering of text search queries.
1: Order checking in a CPOE using event analyzer.
1: A Sequential Pattern Query Language for Supporting Instant Data Mining for e-Services.
1: Xmas: An Extensible Main-Memory Storage System for High-Performance Applications.
1: A Quorum-Based Commit and Termination Protocol for Distributed Database Systems.
1: Connections in Acyclic Hypergraphs.
1: GraphRank: Statistical Modeling and Mining of Significant Subgraphs in the Feature Space.
1: Learning to Use a Learned Model: A Two-Stage Approach to Classification.
1: Cardinality estimation using sample views with quality assurance.
1: Automata Theory for Database Theoreticans.
1: A dimensionality reduction technique for efficient similarity analysis of time series databases.
1: An enhanced model for searching in semantic portals.
1: Extraction Techniques for Mining Services from Web Sources.
1: Identifying early buyers from purchase data.
1: Making Subsequence Time Series Clustering Meaningful.
1: Revisiting the effect of topic set size on retrieval error.
1: A framework for simultaneous co-clustering and learning from complex data.
1: FileNet Integrated Document Management Database Usage and Issues.
1: A Retrospective Evaluation Method for Exact-Match and Best-Match Queries Applying an Interactive Query Performance Analyser.
1: Pair-Wise entity resolution: overview and challenges.
1: Effective Nearest Neighbor Indexing with the Euclidean Metric.
1: Reasoning about Kinematic Topology.
1: NUITS: A Novel User Interface for Efficient Keyword Search over Databases.
1: A practical web-based approach to generating topic hierarchy for text segments.
1: Experiment Management with Metadata-based Integration for Collaborative Scientific Research.
1: Distributed RAID - A New Multiple Copy Algorithm.
1: A Comparison of Self-Contained and Embedded Database Languages.
1: Query Expansion Method Based on Word Contribution (poster abstract).
1: Selection, combination, and evaluation of effective software sensors for detecting abnormal computer usage.
1: Belief revision for adaptive information retrieval.
1: A dual index model for contextual information retrieval.
1: Characterizing and Exploiting Reference Locality in Data Stream Applications.
1: Specification and Implementation of Programs for Updating Incomplete Information Databases.
1: Learning Intermediate Concepts in Constructing a Hierarchical Knowldege Base.
1: Write-Optimized B-Trees.
1: Distributed Rule Processing in Active Databases.
1: Rule Ordering in Bottom-Up Fixpoint Evaluation of Logic Programs.
1: Optimal Semijoin Schedules For Query Processing in Local Distributed Database Systems.
1: Mass Spectrum Labeling: Theory and Practice.
1: Finding highly correlated pairs efficiently with powerful pruning.
1: Domain Adaptation of Conditional Probability Models Via Feature Subsetting.
1: Optimal Determination of User-Oriented Clusters.
1: Inverted matrix: efficient discovery of frequent items in large datasets in the context of interactive mining.
1: Solving Generalized Semi-Markov Decision Processes Using Continuous Phase-Type Distributions.
1: Inferring document similarity from hyperlinks.
1: Harvesting Relations from the Web - Quantifiying the Impact of Filtering Functions.
1: An iterative strategy for pattern discovery in high-dimensional data sets.
1: Type-Based XML Projection.
1: Architectures and Algorithms for Internet-Scale (P2P) Data Management.
1: Distributed Query Processing Optimization Objectives.
1: Cognitive Differences in End User Searching of a CD-ROM Index.
1: Trading Quality for Time with Nearest Neighbor Search.
1: The chase revisited.
1: Probability Kinematics in Information Retrieval.
1: Background for Association Rules and Cost Estimate of Selected Mining Algorithms.
1: LOG Write-Ahead Protocols and IMS/VS Logging.
1: Preventing "Overfitting" of Cross-Validation Data.
1: Taxonomic Reasoning.
1: A Neural Network Model for Prognostic Prediction.
1: A Framework for Representing Tutorial Discourse.
1: Adaptive query-based sampling for distributed IR.
1: Discriminant Analysis: A Unified Approach.
1: Constrained subspace skyline computation.
1: A Parallel Parser for Spoken Natural Language.
1: A Practical Issue Concerning Very Large Data Bases: The Need for Query Governors.
1: Vision Paper: Enabling Privacy for the Paranoids.
1: Algebraic Versus Probabilistic Independence in Data Bases.
1: CollabSum: exploiting multiple document clustering for collaborative single document summarizations.
1: A Mobile Automaton: An Application of Artificial Intelligence Techniques.
1: DB2 Query Parallelism: Staging and Implementation.
1: Analysis of Distributed Commit Protocols.
1: Framework and algorithms for trend analysis in massive temporal data sets.
1: QUIST: A System for Semantic Query Optimization in Relational Databases
1: A Study in Descriptive Representation of Pictorial Data.
1: Mining relational data through correlation-based multiple view validation.
1: Relational clustering by symmetric convex coding.
1: The Integrated Data Model: A Database Perspective.
1: V-Trees - A Storage Method for Long Vector Data.
1: Privacy Preserving Query Processing Using Third Parties.
1: Comparing clusterings: an axiomatic view.
1: Scaling IR-system evaluation using term relevance sets.
1: Training and Tracking in Robotics.
1: A human-computer cooperative system for effective high dimensional clustering.
1: Clustering short texts using wikipedia.
1: Strategies for retrieving plagiarized documents.
1: Query Containment for Data Integration Systems.
1: Sewnet -: a framework for creating services utilizing telecom functionality.
1: Object Class Definition by Generalization Using Upward Inheritance.
1: Transaction Modeling.
1: Speeding Up Relational Reinforcement Learning through the Use of an Incremental First Order Decision Tree Learner.
1: Cross channel optimized marketing by reinforcement learning.
1: CROSS-DB: A Feature-Extended Multidimensional Data Model for Statistical and Scientific Databases.
1: U-Filter: A Lightweight XML View Update Checker.
1: Focus of Attention in the Hearsay-II Speech Understanding System.
1: Mining Text Archives: Creating Readable Maps to Structure and Describe Document Collections.
1: Performance Measurement of Some Main Memory Database Recovery Algorithms.
1: Making an Object-Oriented DBMS Active: Design, Implementation, and Evaluation of a Prototype.
1: Reverse Nearest Neighbors in Large Graphs.
1: Obtaining Best Parameter Values for Accurate Classification.
1: A Boosting Approach to Topic Spotting on Subdialogues.
1: High-Performance, Space-Efficient, Automated Object Locking.
1: Flexible List Management in a Directory.
1: Semantics and Efficient Compilation for Quantitative Deductive Databases.
1: A Linear Time Algorithm for Optimal Tree Sibling Partitioning and Approximation Algorithms in Natix.
1: Evaluation of Rule Processing Strategies In Expert Databases.
1: A Trace-Based Simulation of Pointer Swizzling Techniques.
1: Ordering Accesses to Improving Transaction Processing Performance.
1: Characterizing Markov Decision Processes.
1: Compact 0-Complete Trees.
1: Transparent Queries: Investigating Users' Mental Models of Search Engines.
1: On-Demand Data Elevation in Hierarchical Multimedia Storage Servers.
1: Adaptable Query Optimization and Evaluation in Temporal Middleware.
1: In Search of Knowledge-Based Search Tactics.
1: The Use of Inference Mechanisms to Improve the Retrieval Facilities from Large Relational Databases.
1: Geographic locations of web servers.
1: Scrutinizing Frequent Pattern Discovery Performance.
1: Retrieval of Composite Multimedia Objects.
1: Document filtering method using non-relevant information profile.
1: Word sense disambiguation in queries.
1: Dynamic Attributes in the Multidatabase System MRDSM.
1: Tabu Search Optimization of Large Join Queries.
1: Acquisition of Terminological Knowledge Using Database Design Techniques.
1: A Semi-Supervised Document Clustering Technique for Information Organization.
1: An Object-Oriented Modelling of the History of Optimal Retrievals.
1: Selective Materialization: An Efficient Method for Spatial Data Cube Construction.
1: Enhancing semi-supervised clustering: a feature projection perspective.
1: A Tool for the Implementation of Databases.
1: Increasing Buffer-Locality for Multiple Index Based Scans through Intelligent Placement and Index Scan Speed Control.
1: Inductive Learning of Characteristic Concept Description from Small Sets of Classified Examples.
1: Efficient and Decentralized PageRank Approximation in a Peer-to-Peer Web Search Network.
1: Applying Hash Filters to Improving the Execution of Bushy Trees.
1: Crawling multiple UDDI business registries.
1: Computing text Constituency: An Algorithmic Approach to the Generation of Text Graphs.
1: Users' Perception of the Performance of a Filtering System.
1: Processor Scheduling for Multiprocessor Joins.
1: Mining risk patterns in medical data.
1: Efficient Geometry-based Similarity Search of 3D Spatial Databases.
1: Using a Meta Model to Represent Object-Oriented Data Models.
1: Sum-Max Monotonic Ranked Joins for Evaluating Top-K Twig Queries on Weighted Data Graphs.
1: Robust information-theoretic clustering.
1: Database Buffer Model for the Data Sharing Environment.
1: Occlusion Detectable Stereo -- Occlusion Patterns in Camera Matrix.
1: Variable Independence and Aggregation Closure.
1: Automated and on-demand provisioning of virtual machines for database applications.
1: Music-to-knowledge (M2K): a prototyping and evaluation environment for music information retrieval research.
1: Support for Relaxed Currency and Consistency Constraints in MTCache.
1: First large-scale information retrieval experiments on turkish texts.
1: Transduction with Confidence and Credibility.
1: Pushing reactive services to XML repositories using active rules.
1: Using Syntactic Analysis in a Document Retrieval System that uses Signature Files.
1: Selective Voting for Perception-like Online Learning.
1: On the Computation of Relational View Complements.
1: Towards Discovery of Information Granules.
1: On-line Reorganization in Object Databases.
1: Monitoring Top-k Query inWireless Sensor Networks.
1: A Systematic Approach to Relational Database Theory.
1: Pedestrian Detection Using Wavelet Templates.
1: Type Classification of Semi-Structured Documents.
1: Statistical Inference of Unknown Attribute Values in Databases.
1: A metro map metaphor for guided tours on the Web: the Webvise guided tour system.
1: Study of Lower Bound Functions for MAX-2-SAT.
1: Distributed Query Optimization: An Engineering Approach.
1: Sequences, Datalog and Transducers.
1: Mapping a Version Model to a Complex-Object Data Model.
1: ModGen: Theorem Proving by Model Generation.
1: Maintenance of Stratified Databases Viewed as a Belief Revision System.
1: Ordered Estimation of Missing Values.
1: From Nested-Loop to Join Queries in OODB.
1: The InfoSleuth Project.
1: Artificial Intelligence and Automatic Programming in CAI.
1: Sensor-enhanced mobile web clients: an XForms approach.
1: Distributed Management in Local Area Networks.
1: MDL Summarization with Holes.
1: Visualizing an historical semantic web with Heml.
1: A Model of the Common-Sense Theory of Intention and Personal Causation.
1: B+ Tree Indexes with Hybrid Row Identifiers in Oracle 8i.
1: Reducing overfitting in process model induction.
1: Belief state approaches to signaling alarms in surveillance systems.
1: What is the set of images of an object under all possible lighting conditions?
1: Answering complex questions with random walk models.
1: Uncovering shared structures in multiclass classification.
1: Maximal Concurrency by Locking.
1: Cut-and-Pick Transactions for Proxy Log Mining.
1: Processing relaxed skylines in PDMS using distributed data summaries.
1: Automatically classifying database workloads.
1: Data Analysis and Mining in Ordered Information Tables.
1: On Efficient Spatial Matching.
1: Dynamic Programming for Partially Observable Stochastic Games.
1: Group Nearest Neighbor Queries.
1: Managing Web Data.
1: Automatic search engine performance evaluation with click-through data analysis.
1: A two-way visualization method for clustered data.
1: Record Subtyping in Flexible Relations by Means of Attribute Dependencies.
1: Combining Left and Right Unlinking for Matching a Large Number of Learned Rules.
1: Scaling Replica Maintenance In Intermittently Synchronized Mobile Databases.
1: A unified model for metasearch and the efficient evaluation of retrieval systems via the hedge algorithm.
1: Towards musical query-by-semantic-description using the CAL500 data set.
1: Latent Class Models for Collaborative Filtering.
1: Expertise drift and query expansion in expert search.
1: Simple and Realistic Data Generation.
1: Negotiation as Mutual Belief Revision.
1: AutoLag: Automatic Discovery of Lag Correlations in Stream Data.
1: Mining with Cover and Extension Operators.
1: A model for weighting image objects in home photographs.
1: Recommendation method for extending subscription periods.
1: Learning and Inference over Constrained Output.
1: Clustering the Users of Large Web Sites into Communities.
1: Aggregates in Possibilistic Databases.
1: SEMAPLAN: Combining Planning with Semantic Matching to Achieve Web Service Composition.
1: Knowledge Acquisition for Constructive Systems.
1: ProcessingWindow Queries in Wireless Sensor Networks.
1: Retrieval Operations and Data Representations in a Context-Addressed Disc System.
1: Processing First-Order Queries under Limited Access Patterns.
1: Complex Spatio-Temporal Pattern Queries.
1: Reasoning about What to Plan.
1: Version Space Algebra and its Application to Programming by Demonstration.
1: PVA: a self-adaptive personal view agent system.
1: How to Summarize the Universe: Dynamic Maintenance of Quantiles.
1: Heterogeneity in the Distributed Database Management System SIRIUS-DELTA.
1: On the Problems of Time, Retrieval of Temporal Relations, Causality, and Co-Existence.
1: Building and Customizing Data-Intensive Web Sites Using Weave.
1: Accessibility: a Web engineering approach.
1: Pattern Rejection.
1: An Incremental Approach to Schema Integration by Refining Extensional Relationships.
1: Determining 3-D Motion of Planar Objects from Image Brightness Patterns.
1: A rank-aggregation approach to searching for optimal query-specific clusters.
1: Dynamic Constraints and Database Evolution.
1: Generating efficient labels to facilitate web accessibility.
1: Meta Clustering.
1: Integrating value-based requirement engineering models to webml using vip business modeling framework.
1: Active Storage Hierarchy, Database Systems and Applications - Socratic Exegesis.
1: On the Recognition and Design of Acyclic Databases.
1: Query efficiency in probabilistic XML models.
1: Dynamic Restructuring of Transactional Workflow Activities: A Practical Implementation Method.
1: Efficient Processing of Nested Fuzzy SQL Queries.
1: A Bayes Net Approach to Argumentation.
1: Experiences in Federated Databases: From IRO-DB to MIRO-Web.
1: Query-driven indexing for peer-to-peer text retrieval.
1: An Alternate Objective Function for Markovian Fields.
1: UTACLIR -: general query translation framework for several language pairs.
1: A content and structure website mining model.
1: Demographic prediction based on user's browsing behavior.
1: Progress On A Computer Based Consultant.
1: The 78 CODASYL Database Model: A Comparison with Preceding Specifications.
1: Flux: An Adaptive Partitioning Operator for Continuous Query Systems.
1: Normalization of Linear Recursions in Deductive Databases.
1: ProDA: a suite of web-services for progressive data analysis.
1: TOPAZ: a Cost-Based, Rule-Driven, Multi-Phase Parallelizer.
1: The containment problem for REAL conjunctive queries with inequalities.
1: Detecting anomalous records in categorical datasets.
1: Term selection for searching printed Arabic.
1: Efficient algorithms for evaluating xpath over streams.
1: A Multi-Level Architecture for Relational Data Base Systems.
1: An Automatic Techniques for Detecting Type Conflicts in Database Schemes.
1: Inaccessible Worlds and Irrelevance: Preliminary Report.
1: Persistent Threads.
1: CS AKTive space: representing computer science in the semantic web.
1: Prediction Sharing Across Time and Contexts.
1: A Theory of Timestamp-Based Concurrency Control for Nested Transactions.
1: XML transformation by tree-walking transducers with invisible pebbles.
1: Leightweight Document Clustering.
1: GHOST: Fine Granularity Buffering of Indexes.
1: Magic Functions: A Technique to Optimize Extended Datalog Recursive Programs.
1: Constructing and Sharing Perceptual Distiinctions.
1: Term Conflation for Information Retrieval.
1: An Implemented Model of Punning Riddles.
1: EntityRank: Searching Entities Directly and Holistically.
1: Designing semantics-preserving cluster representatives for scientific input conditions.
1: A Context Similarity Measure.
1: Scientific Data Repositories: Designing for a Moving Target.
1: XRPC: Interoperable and Efficient Distributed XQuery.
1: Non-parametric Similarity Measures for Unsupervised Texture Segmentation and Image Retrieval.
1: Information Theoretic Clustering of Sparse Co-Occurrence Data.
1: Optimum Polynomial Retrieval Functions.
1: Identification and Tracing of Ambiguous Names: Discriminative and Generative Approaches.
1: Discovery of Frequent Tree Structured Patterns in Semistructured Web Documents.
1: Maintaining bernoulli samples over evolving multisets.
1: Rearranging Data to Maximize the Efficiency of Compression.
1: Objective-Oriented Utility-Based Association Mining.
1: SIM: A Database System Based on the Semantic Data Model.
1: A framework for rapid integration of presentation components.
1: Weighted Association Rule Mining using weighted support and significance framework.
1: An Efficient Deadlock Removal Scheme for Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocols.
1: Experiments on data fusion using headline information.
1: In Search of the Best Constraint Satisfaction Search.
1: Rights Protection for Relational Data.
1: Using social annotations to improve language model for information retrieval.
1: On the quantitative analysis of deep belief networks.
1: Tuning before feedback: combining ranking discovery and blind feedback for robust retrieval.
1: Generating semantic annotations for frequent patterns with context analysis.
1: Adaptive Transaction Scheduling.
1: OCB: A Generic Benchmark to Evaluate the Performances of Object-Oriented Database Systems.
1: HD-Eye - Visual Clustering of High dimensional Data.
1: Exploring the Parameter State Space of Stacking.
1: Sparse Online Greedy Support Vector Regression.
1: Learning information intent via observation.
1: Real-time closed-world tracking.
1: Focused Community Discovery.
1: Estimating Precision by Random Sampling (poster abstract).
1: Using small XML elements to support relevance.
1: Learning Hierarchical Performance Knowledge by Observation.
1: Coherent Keyphrase Extraction via Web Mining.
1: A new scheme on privacy-preserving data classification.
1: Kernel-Density-Based Clustering of Time Series Subsequences Using a Continuous Random-Walk Noise Model.
1: Complexity of Nonrecursive Logic Programs with Complex Values.
1: Relational Storage and Efficient Retrieval of Rules in a Deductive DBMS.
1: kFOIL: Learning Simple Relational Kernels.
1: What's the code?: automatic classification of source code archives.
1: Deadlines, Travel Time, and Robot Problem Solving.
1: Object Identity and Dimension Alignment in Parametric Databases.
1: Relational Learning for NLP using Linear Threshold Elements.
1: Query by Diagram: A Graphical Environment for Querying Databases.
1: Building simulated queries for known-item topics: an analysis using six european languages.
1: Merging Source Query Interfaces onWeb Databases.
1: XML Full-Text Search: Challenges and Opportunities.
1: Algorithmic Aspects of Multiversion Concurrency Control.
1: A formal characterization of PIVOT/UNPIVOT.
1: Mining Access Patterns Efficiently from Web Logs.
1: SOR: A Practical System for Ontology Storage, Reasoning and Search.
1: Structural and temporal analysis of the blogosphere through community factorization.
1: Automating the Assembly of Presentations from Multimedia Databases.
1: Stability of Feature Selection Algorithms.
1: Using a Sequential Index in Terrain-Aided Navigation.
1: Secure Transaction Processing in Firm Real-Time Database Systems.
1: Modelling Information Retrieval Agents with Belief Revision.
1: The confounding of translation and rotation in reconstruction from multiple views.
1: Hypothesis testing with incomplete relevance judgments.
1: A scalable application placement controller for enterprise data centers.
1: Naive Bayesian Classifier Committees.
1: Distance Estimates for Planning in the Discrete Belief Space.
1: Toward the Essential Nature of Statistical Knowledge in Sense Resolution.
1: Yes, there is a correlation: - from social networks to personal behavior on the web.
1: Revisiting probabilistic models for clustering with pair-wise constraints.
1: Statistics on Views.
1: Multivariate and Multidimensional OLAP.
1: Fast Evaluation Techniques for Complex Similarity Queries.
1: Retrieving Descriptive Phrases from Large Amounts of Free Text.
1: Querying Inductive Databases: A Case Study on the MINE RULE Operator.
1: Using Text Mining to Infer Semantic Attributes for Retail Data Mining.
1: Automatically Transforming Symbolic Shape Descriptions for Use in Sketch Recognition.
1: Evaluating the Utility of Statistical Phrases and Latent Semantic Indexing for Text Classification.
1: A Comparitive Utility Analysis of Case-Based Reasoning and Control-Rule Learning Systems.
1: OntoBuilder: Fully Automatic Extraction and Consolidation of Ontologies from Web Sources.
1: Region-based value iteration for partially observable Markov decision processes.
1: EOS: An Extensible Object Store.
1: Active Learning for Class Probability Estimation and Ranking.
1: Time-dependent semantic similarity measure of queries using historical click-through data.
1: Algorithmic mediation for collaborative exploratory search.
1: Research Directions in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
1: ViVo: Visual Vocabulary Construction for Mining Biomedical Images.
1: Knowledge Discovery from Very Large Databases Using Frequent Concept Lattices.
1: Improving Logging and Recovery Performance in Phoenix/App.
1: Itemset Classified Clustering.
1: The Design of the Postgres Rules System.
1: The Mirror MMDBMS Architecture.
1: SCAN: a structural clustering algorithm for networks.
1: Efficient Construction of Comprehensible Hierarchical Clusterings.
1: Multi-resolution disambiguation of term occurrences.
1: A mobile application framework for the geospatial web.
1: First-Order Queries over Temporal Databases Inexpressible in Temporal Logic.
1: Vector-Valued Active Contours.
1: An adaptive, fast, and safe XML parser based on byte sequences memorization.
1: Explaining and Justifying Expert Consulting Programs.
1: SPIRE: A Progressive Content-Based Spatial Image Retrieval Engine.
1: Distance Indexing on Road Networks.
1: LB_Keogh Supports Exact Indexing of Shapes under Rotation Invariance with Arbitrary Representations and Distance Measures.
1: Large-scale cluster-based retrieval experiments on Turkish texts.
1: Scalable and near real-time burst detection from eCommerce queries.
1: Optimal Versioning of Objects.
1: An Accommodating Edge Follower.
1: The Role of Integrity Constraints in Database Interoperation.
1: Performance Comparison of Index Structures for Multi-Key Retrieval.
1: IAM: An Inferential Abstract Modeling Approach to Design of Conceptual Schema.
1: Recovering temporally rewiring networks: a model-based approach.
1: Understanding Without Proofs.
1: Supervised Learning by Training on Aggregate Outputs.
1: Adaptive Stream Filters for Entity-based Queries with Non-Value Tolerance.
1: A Performance Evaluation of Load Balancing Techniques for Join Operations on Multicomputer Database Systems.
1: Provably Fast Training Algorithms for Support Vector Machines.
1: Post-crash Log Processing for Fuzzy Checkpointing Main Memory Databases.
1: Concurrency in the Data Warehouse.
1: A New Conflict Relation for Concurrency Control and Recovery in object-based Databases.
1: Optimizing Storage of Objects on Mass Storage Systems with Robotic Devies.
1: Exponentiated gradient algorithms for log-linear structured prediction.
1: Entity-Situation: A Model for the Knowledge Representation Module of a KBMS.
1: Comparing query logs and pseudo-relevance feedbackfor web-search query refinement.
1: Learning Hidden Causes from Empirical Data.
1: CFI-Stream: mining closed frequent itemsets in data streams.
1: The Characteristic Error Approach to Conflict Resolution.
1: Induction of Multivariate Regression Trees for Design Optimization.
1: A Framework for Understanding Distributed (Deadlock Detection) Algorithms.
1: On Reading Sketch Maps.
1: Onboard classifiers for science event detection on a remote sensing spacecraft.
1: Practical evaluation of IR within automated classification systems.
1: A Heuristic Algorithm for Determining a Near-optimal Set of Nodes to Access in a Partially Replicated Distributed Database System.
1: Prediction is Deduction but Explanation is Abduction.
1: Main Schema-External Schema Interaction in Hierarchically Organized Data Bases.
1: The Object-Oriented Database System Manifesto.
1: On the Content of Materialized Aggregate Views.
1: Generating Better Decision Trees.
1: A Guide to the Modal Logics of Knowledge and Belief: Preliminary Draft.
1: Text Classification by Boosting Weak Learners based on Terms and Concepts.
1: Fast Parallel Association Rule Mining without Candidacy Generation.
1: Bayan: An Arabic Text Database Management System.
1: Minipage Locking Support for Object-Oriented Page-Server DBMS.
1: SPARQ2L: towards support for subgraph extraction queries in rdf databases.
1: On the Decidability of Containment of Recursive Datalog Queries - Preliminary report.
1: Blocking Anonymity Threats Raised by Frequent Itemset Mining.
1: Semantic Integrity in a Relational Data Base System.
1: Probabilistic Noise Identification and Data Cleaning.
1: Practical Data Management Techniques for Vehicle Tracking Data.
1: Using Lattice-Based Framework as a Tool for Feature Extraction.
1: Space Scale Localization, Blur, and Contour-Based Image Coding.
1: Mining Classification Rules from Datasets with Large Number of Many-Valued Attributes.
1: A visual-analytic toolkit for dynamic interaction graphs.
1: Retrieval and feedback models for blog feed search.
1: Set-based model: a new approach for information retrieval.
1: Web Page Cleaning for Web Mining through Feature Weighting.
1: A Spatial Match Representation Scheme for Indexing and Querying in Iconic Image Databases.
1: On Isolation, Concurrency, and the Venus Rule Language.
1: Authorship verification as a one-class classification problem.
1: Detection and translation of OOV terms prior to query time.
1: Very sparse random projections.
1: Stable Function Approximation in Dynamic Programming.
1: A neighborhood-based approach for clustering of linked document collections.
1: A complex document information processing prototype.
1: Using Examples to Generate Instantiations of Set Variables.
1: Topological Mapping for Mobile Robots Using a Combination of Sonar and Vision Sensing.
1: Training structural SVMs when exact inference is intractable.
1: An Object-Oriented Approach to Multi-Level Association Rule Mining.
1: A Technique of Dynamic Feature Selection Using the Feature Group Mutual Information.
1: Nomograms for Visualization of Naive Bayesian Classifier.
1: A Temporal Relational Algebra as Basis for Temporal Relational Completeness.
1: On Representing Indefinite and Maybe Information in Relational Databases.
1: Detecting Motifs from Sequences.
1: Discovering Strong Principles of Expressive Music Performance with the PLCG Rule Learning Strategy.
1: A Fault-Tolerant Commit Protocol for Replicated Databases.
1: The hBP-tree: A Modified hB-tree Supporting Concurrency, Recovery and Node Consolidation.
1: Reading a Set of Disk Pages.
1: Surrogate Subsets: A Free Space Management Strategy for the Index of a Text Retrieval System.
1: Message Extraction Through Estimation of Relevance.
1: An Extensible Query Model and Its Languages for a Uniform Behavioral Object Management System.
1: Topic structure modeling.
1: Temporal Reasoning with Constraints on Fluents and Events.
1: Additive AND/OR Graphs.
1: Querying a Multilevel Database: A Logical Analysis.
1: Certification by Intervals of Timestamps in Distributed Database Systems.
1: Nested Transactions with Multiple Commit Points: An Approach to the Structuring of Advanced Database Applications.
1: OPT-KD: An Algorithm for Optimizing Kd-Trees.
1: A framework for mining topological patterns in spatio-temporal databases.
1: A Classification and Relationship Extraction Scheme for Raltional Databases Based on Fuzzy Logic.
1: Ordinal Association Rules for Error Identification in Data Sets.
1: Explanation and Generalization of Vector Models in Information Retrieval.
1: Multidimensional Dynamic Quantile Hashing is Very Efficient for Non-Uniform Record Distributions.
1: Knows what it knows: a framework for self-aware learning.
1: Bootstrapping for hierarchical document classification.
1: The Representation and Use of Focus in a System for Understanding Dialogs.
1: Inter-Enterprise Collaborative Business Process Management.
1: Query Enhancement by User Profiles.
1: CarpeDiem: an algorithm for the fast evaluation of SSL classifiers.
1: An Efficient Reference-Based Approach to Outlier Detection in Large Datasets.
1: Comparing Data Streams Using Hamming Norms (How to Zero In).
1: A Net Structure for Semantic Information Storage, Deduction and Retrieval.
1: Iceberg-cube computation with PC clusters.
1: A geometric interpretation of r-precision and its correlation with average precision.
1: Towards a Unified Visual Database Access.
1: Cluster Analysis for Hypertext Systems.
1: On Updates and Inconsistency Repairing in Knowledge Bases.
1: Optimum Probability Estimation Based on Expectations.
1: Speech-based and video-supported indexing of multimedia broadcast news.
1: Automatic Symbolic Traffic Scene Analysis Using Belief Networks.
1: Mining Fuzzy Association Rules.
1: Minimum Description Length Principle: Generators Are Preferable to Closed Patterns.
1: FeedbackBypass: A New Approach to Interactive Similarity Query Processing.
1: Clustering time series from ARMA models with clipped data.
1: A Survey and Critique of Advanced Transaction Models.
1: Web Services and Service-Oriented Architectures.
1: Exploration of Document Collections with Self-Organizing Maps: A Novel Approach to Similarity Representation.
1: Resource Scheduling in Enhanced Pay-Per-View Continuous Media Databases.
1: Online Estimation For Subset-Based SQL Queries.
1: Query Execution for Large Relations on Functional Disk Systems.
1: Handling frequent updates of moving objects.
1: Information Lifecycle Management: The EMC Perspective.
1: The opposite of smoothing: a language model approach to ranking query-specific document clusters.
1: Logical Foundations of Negotiation: Outcome, Concession, and Adaptation.
1: Learning discontinuities with products-of-sigmoids for switching between local models.
1: Web-centric language models.
1: Text Mining via Information Extraction.
1: Towards robust query expansion: model selection in the language modeling framework.
1: Self Maintenance of Multiple Views in Data Warehousing.
1: Challenges and Experience in Prototyping a Multi-Modal Stream Analytic and Monitoring Application on System S.
1: Efficient Query Refinement for Image Retrieval.
1: Tri-plots: scalable tools for multidimensional data mining.
1: Compressing Pattern Databases.
1: The GCX System: Dynamic Buffer Minimization in Streaming XQuery Evaluation.
1: Tree Pattern Aggregation for Scalable XML Data Dissemination.
1: Efficient multiclass maximum margin clustering.
1: Request Order Linked List (ROLL): A Concurrency Control Object for Centralized and Distributed Database Systems.
1: Classifying Protein Fingerprints.
1: An Abstraction Mechanism for Modeling Generation.
1: Application of Theorem Proving to Problem Solving.
1: Commutativity and its Role in the Processing of Linear Recursion.
1: Scaling Up Reasoning about Actions Using Relational Database Technology.
1: Knowledge Discovery in Medical Multi-databases: A Rough Set Approach.
1: Querying Websites Using Compact Skeletons.
1: Constructing better document and query models with markov chains.
1: Dynamic preferences in multi-criteria reinforcement learning.
1: Efficient bayesian hierarchical user modeling for recommendation system.
1: Body plans.
1: Heterogeneous Database Query Optimization in DB2 Universal DataJoiner.
1: Estimating Bucket Accesses: A Practical Approach.
1: Event analyzer: a tool for sequential data processing.
1: One-Time Complete Indexing of Text: Theory and Practice.
1: Concept Based Design of Data Warehouses: The DWQ Demonstrators.
1: Branch & Bound Formulation for Sequential and Parallel Game Tree Searching: Preliminary Results.
1: ObjectRank: a system for authority-based search on databases.
1: Learning to Optimally Schedule Internet Banner Advertisements.
1: On the Construction of Effective Vocabularies for Information Retrieval.
1: Off the beaten tracks: exploring three aspects of web navigation.
1: Unrolling Cycles to Decide Trigger Termination.
1: Time-dependent event hierarchy construction.
1: Top-Down Mining of Interesting Patterns from Very High Dimensional Data.
1: Efficient algorithms for constructing decision trees with constraints.
1: Parameter-Free Spatial Data Mining Using MDL.
1: Predicting Software Escalations with Maximum ROI.
1: Mining Interesting Knowledge Using DM-II.
1: HSI: A Novel Framework for Efficient Automated Singer Identification in Large Music Database.
1: Intelligent Information Triage.
1: Query Processing for SQL Updates.
1: Deep classifier: automatically categorizing search results into large-scale hierarchies.
1: Adaptive Parallel Query Execution in DBS3.
1: Efficient Mining of XML Query Patterns for Caching.
1: Learning Symbolic Prototypes.
1: On the First-Order Expressibility of Recursive Queries.
1: Predicting query difficulty on the web by learning visual clues.
1: Similarity Search in Multimedia Databases.
1: Quality Views: Capturing and Exploiting the User Perspective on Data Quality.
1: Self-Organizing Data Sharing Communities with SAGRES.
1: Hierarchical Unsupervised Learning.
1: Fast computing reachability labelings for large graphs with high compression rate.
1: Vertical and Horizontal Percentage Aggregations.
1: System for spatio-temporal analysis of online news and blogs.
1: Regularized discriminant analysis for high dimensional, low sample size data.
1: Accessing the web: from search to integration.
1: Learning from Scarce Experience.
1: Learning distance function by coding similarity.
1: Buffering Schemes for Permanent Data.
1: CCCS: a top-down associative classifier for imbalanced class distribution.
1: Intractability and clustering with constraints.
1: User-defined aggregate functions: bridging theory and practice.
1: Universal Plans for Reactive Robots in Unpredictable Environments.
1: Shortest-Path Kernels on Graphs.
1: Capturing community search expertise for personalized web search using snippet-indexes.
1: On the Power of Rule-Based Languages with Sets.
1: Bregman Bubble Clustering: A Robust, Scalable Framework for Locating Multiple, Dense Regions in Data.
1: Results on Controlling Action with Projective Visualization.
1: Nested Relation Based Database Knowledge Representation.
1: Efficient region-based image retrieval.
1: An application of text categorization methods to gene ontology annotation.
1: VGRAM: Improving Performance of Approximate Queries on String Collections Using Variable-Length Grams.
1: Positivism vs. Minimalism in Deductive Databases.
1: Addressing diverse user preferences in SQL-query-result navigation.
1: Cache-Conscious Automata for XML Filtering.
1: Cluster merging and splitting in hierarchical clustering algorithms.
1: Distributed Logging for Transaction Processing.
1: Data fragmentation for parallel transitive closure strategies.
1: Exploiting A Controlled Vocabulary to Improve Collection Selection and Retrieval Effectiveness.
1: The APPROXML Tool Demonstration.
1: Mining Positive and Negative Knowledge in Clinical Databases Based on Rough Set Model.
1: Learning from Aggregate Views.
1: Secure Buffering in Firm Real-Time Database Systems.
1: Heuristic for Ranking the Interestigness of Discovered Knowledge.
1: Extracting Propositions from Trained Neural Networks.
1: Acquisition of Qualitative Spatial Representation by Visual Observation.
1: Determination of Egomotion and Environmental Layout from Noisy Time-Varying Image Velocity in Binocular Image Sequences.
1: Structuring Knowledge Bases Using Automatic Learning.
1: Planning Considerations for a Roving Robot with Arm.
1: Optimal Structure from Motion: Local Ambiguities and Global Estimates.
1: Preference Structure, Inference and Set-Oriented Retrieval.
1: Error Estimators for Pruning Regression Trees.
1: Analyzing Relational Learning in the Phase Transition Framework.
1: Exploiting ontologies for automatic image annotation.
1: Load Shedding in Stream Databases: A Control-Based Approach.
1: Steps Toward Automatic Theory Formation.
1: Three-level caching for efficient query processing in large Web search engines.
1: End User Touch Searching for Cancer Therapy Literature: A Rule-Based Approach.
1: Distances and (Indefinite) Kernels for Sets of Objects.
1: I-Regular Expression: Regular Expression with Continuous Interval Constraints.
1: Hierarchical Compact Cube for Range-Max Queries.
1: Robust space transformations for distance-based operations.
1: Indexing OODB Instances based on Access Proximity.
1: Doubly Distorted Mirrors.
1: Basket Analysis for Graph Structured Data.
1: Error-Correcting Output Codes for Local Learners.
1: Anonymity for continuous data publishing.
1: OSQR: overlapping clustering of query results.
1: Solving the Phantom Problem by Predicative Optimistic Concurrency Control.
1: Learnability of Augmented Naive Bayes in Nonimal Domains.
1: Hierarchical graph indexing.
1: Tag clouds for summarizing web search results.
1: Optimizing Vote and Quorum Assignments for Reading and Writing Replicated Data.
1: High-level Parallelism in a Database Cluster: A Feasibility Study Using Document Services.
1: Data Modelling of Scientific Simulation Programs.
1: ATMEN: a triggered network measurement infrastructure.
1: A comparison of sentence retrieval techniques.
1: Efficient Incremental Validation of XML Documents.
1: Temporal Aggregation in Active Database Rules.
1: External Hashing with Limited Internal Storage.
1: Generic similarity detection in ontologies with the SOQA-SimPack toolkit.
1: Learning Parameterized Models of Image Motion.
1: An Improved Algorithm for Finding a Key of a Relation.
1: A Descriptive Semantic Formalism for Medicine.
1: A Cost-Model-Based Online Method for Ditributed Caching.
1: Validating and Refining Clusters via Visual Rendering.
1: Efficient Discovery of XML Data Redundancies.
1: A Family of Incomplete Relational Database Models.
1: QUICKXPLAIN: Preferred Explanations and Relaxations for Over-Constrained Problems.
1: Sequential Optimality and Coordination in Multiagent Systems.
1: Supporting Frequent Updates in R-Trees: A Bottom-Up Approach.
1: Learning with the Set Covering Machine.
1: Extensible Perfect Hashing.
1: Learning to fly by combining reinforcement learning with behavioural cloning.
1: Oracle's Symmetric Replication Technology and Implications for Application Design.
1: Automating Program Speedup by Deciding What to Cache.
1: Boosting for Learning Multiple Classes with Imbalanced Class Distribution.
1: Similarity based retrieval from sequence databases using automata as queries.
1: New unsupervised clustering algorithm for large datasets.
1: Integrating Semi-Join-Reducers into State of the Art Query Processors.
1: Edge Detector Evaluation Using Empirical ROC Curves.
1: Discriminative versus generative parameter and structure learning of Bayesian network classifiers.
1: Towards DBMSs for Supporting New Applications.
1: Remembering To Forget: A Competence-Preserving Case Deletion Policy for Case-Based Reasoning Systems.
1: A Near Optimal Algorithm for Generating Broadcast Programs on Multiple Channels.
1: Small Armstrong Relations for Database Design.
1: Learning for control from multiple demonstrations.
1: TPOT-RL Applied to Network Routing.
1: CALIN - A User Interface Based on a Simple Natural Language.
1: Interactive Manipulation of Object-oriented Views.
1: Text document clustering based on frequent word sequences.
1: Fuzzy Triggers: Incorporating Imprecise Reasoning into Active Databases.
1: QURSED: querying and reporting semistructured data.
1: Diophantine Inferences from Statistical Aggregates on Few-Valued Attributes.
1: A matrix density based algorithm to hierarchically co-cluster documents and words.
1: Genome-scale disk-based suffix tree indexing.
1: Database Architectures for New Hardware.
1: Panel: Future Directions of Database Research - The VLDB Broadening Strategy, Part 2.
1: Quantitative Modeling of Complex Computational Task Environments.
1: Document Analysis for Visualization.
1: A Theory of Redo Recovery.
1: A General Method for Scaling Up Machine Learning Algorithms and its Application to Clustering.
1: FLORID: A Prototype for F-Logic.
1: Back to the Future: Dynamic Hierarchical Clustering.
1: Decomposing an N-ary Relation into a Tree of Binary Relations.
1: Relational Peculiarity Oriented Data Mining.
1: Compiling Design Plans from Descriptions of Artifacts and Problem Solving Heuristics.
1: Discovering strong skyline points in high dimensional spaces.
1: Mining multiple phenotype structures underlying gene expression profiles.
1: Covering Indexes for XML Queries: Bisimulation - Simulation = Negation.
1: Reasoning about Priorities in Default Logic.
1: The Geometry of Uncertainty in Moving Objects Databases.
1: Secure XML Publishing without Information Leakage in the Presence of Data Inference.
1: Composition of Mining Contexts for Efficient Extraction of Association Rules.
1: A novel collaborative filtering-based framework for personalized services in m-commerce.
1: The impact of evaluation on multilingual text retrieval.
1: KQML As An Agent Communication Language.
1: AViz: A Visualization System for Discovering Numeric Association Rules.
1: Fundamental Techniques for Order Optimization.
1: Resolving the Tension between Integrity and Security Using a Theorem Prover.
1: Partially Supervised Text Classification: Combining Labeled and Unlabeled Documents Using an EM-like Scheme.
1: Memory Management for Scalable Web Data Servers.
1: Using Discourse Analysis for The Design of Information Retrieval Interaction Mechanisms.
1: Client Assignment in Content Dissemination Networks for Dynamic Data.
1: Sequential information bottleneck for finite data.
1: An Asynchronous Avoidance-Based Cache Consistency Algorithm for Client Caching DBMSs.
1: Illumination Cones for Recognition under Variable Lighting: Faces.
1: An Overview of Sidereus: A Graphical Database Schema Editor for Galileo.
1: Boosting Applied toe Word Sense Disambiguation.
1: Quick and Incomplete Responses: The Semantic Approach.
1: Key-Sequential Access Methods for Very Large Files Derived from Linear Hashing.
1: WebCluster, a Tool for Mediated Information Access (demonstration abstract).
1: On redundancy vs dependency preservation in normalization: an information-theoretic study of 3NF.
1: Formalization of Database Systems - and a Formal Definition of IMS (Invited Paper).
1: Simultaneous scalability and security for data-intensive web applications.
1: Improving web browsing performance on wireless pdas using thin-client computing.
1: From SPARQL to rules (and back).
1: How to barter bits for chronons: compression and bandwidth trade offs for database scans.
1: Context-based methods for text categorisation.
1: Combining Classifiers by Constructive Induction.
1: Learning to sportscast: a test of grounded language acquisition.
1: SEEK2: A Generalized Approach to Automatic Knowledge Base Refinement.
1: A Self-Controlling Interpreter for the Relational Production Language.
1: Query by Visual Example - Content based Image Retrieval.
1: Bayesian inference for transductive learning of kernel matrix using the Tanner-Wong data augmentation algorithm.
1: Semi-Supervised Kernel Regression.
1: Implementing Relational Database Operations in a Cube-Connected Multicomputer System.
1: RPJ: Producing Fast Join Results on Streams through Rate-based Optimization.
1: WebIQ: Learning from the Web to Match Deep-Web Query Interfaces.
1: Uncoupling Updating and Rebalancing in Chromatic Binary Search Trees.
1: The Layered Architecture of a System for Reasoning about Programs.
1: The Algres Project.
1: An Evaluation of Alternative Disk Scheduling Techniques in Support of Variable Bit Rate Continuous Media.
1: REVIEW: A Real Time Virtual Walkthrough System.
1: Characterization of a large web site population with implications for content delivery.
1: Redesign of Optimistic Methods: Improving Performance and Applicability.
1: Prediction and Indexing of Moving Objects with Unknown Motion Patterns.
1: Integrating semantic web and language technologies to improve the online public administrations services.
1: The Size of a Revised Knowledge Base.
1: SECONDO: An Extensible DBMS Platform for Research Prototyping and Teaching.
1: Do thumbnail previews help users make better relevance decisions about web search results?.
1: Data Access Patterns in The Amazon.com Technology Platform.
1: Computing Least Common Subsumers in Description Logics with Existential Restrictions.
1: The Problem with Noise and Small Disjuncts.
1: Fine-grained, structured configuration management for web projects.
1: How boosting the margin can also boost classifier complexity.
1: A generic framework for machine transliteration.
1: Planning with Sharable Resource Constraints.
1: The uniqueness of a good optimum for K-means.
1: Randomized computations on large data sets: tight lower bounds.
1: Unilateral Commit: A New Paradigm for Reliable Distributed Transaction Processing.
1: VQBD: Exploring Semistructured Data.
1: DBMiner: Interactive Mining of Multiple-Level Knowledge in Relational Databases.
1: The role of variance in term weighting for probabilistic information retrieval.
1: Multi-objective Query Processing for Database Systems.
1: SQL Memory Management in Oracle9i.
1: Evolutionary algorithms in data mining: multi-objective performance modeling for direct marketing.
1: Application of Novel Technologies to the Management of a Very Large Date Base.
1: Synchronized Counting Method.
1: Inducing Deterministic Prolog Parsers from Treebanks: A Machine Learning Approach.
1: Improving document representations using relevance feedback: the RFA algorithm.
1: An Object-Oriented Conceptual Modeling of Video Data.
1: Heterogeneous Learner for Web Page Classification.
1: The Time Warp Mechanism for Database Concurrency Control.
1: Is there a grand challenge or X-prize for data mining?
1: Automating exploratory data analysis for efficient data mining.
1: Data Placement and Buffer Management for Concurrent Mergesorts with Parallel Prefetching.
1: An Algebraic Query Model for Effective and Efficient Retrieval of XML Fragments.
1: From Reading to Retrieval: Freeform Ink Annotations as Queries.
1: Searching for expertise using the terrier platform.
1: On admission control for profit maximization of networked service providers.
1: Efficient query monitoring using adaptive multiple key hashing.
1: Derivation Replay for Partial-Order Planning.
1: Partial Linear Trees.
1: Run-time operator state spilling for memory intensive long-running queries.
1: SCAN: Designing and Evaluating User Interfaces to Support Retrieval From Speech Archives.
1: Short term performance forecasting in enterprise systems.
1: Mining optimal decision trees from itemset lattices.
1: D-SCRlPT: A Computational Theory of Descriptions.
1: On Dual Mining: From Patterns to Circumstances, and Back.
1: MDL estimation for small sample sizes and its application to segmenting binary strings.
1: Selective Propositionalization for Relational Learning.
1: Concurrency Control of Nested Transactions Accessing B-Trees.
1: Managing Semantic Data in an Associative Net.
1: Document centered approach to text normalization.
1: Lessons from BMIR-J2: A Test Collection for Japanese IR Systems.
1: A DEA approach for model combination.
1: New kernels for protein structural motif discovery and function classification.
1: LGeDBMS: A Small DBMS for Embedded System with Flash Memory.
1: A Pictorial Index Mechanism for Model-Based Matching.
1: Integrated Query Processing Strategies for Spatial Path Queries.
1: A Hybrid Data Sharing - Data Partitioning Architecture for Transaction Processing.
1: Context-Based Synchronisation: An Approach beyond Semantics for Concurrency Control.
1: Implementing Crash Recovery in QuickStore: A Performance Study.
1: Predictive Load Control for Flexible Buffer Allocation.
1: CallAssist: Helping Call Center Agents in Preference Elicitation.
1: Learning General Search Control from Outside Guidance.
1: Pruning long documents for distributed information retrieval.
1: Privacy-Preserving Collaborative Filtering Using Randomized Perturbation Techniques.
1: Active Learning from Data Streams.
1: A Uniform Approach to Processing Temporal Queries.
1: Incremental Maintenance of Materialized XQuery Views.
1: Programmable clustering.
1: Incremental Generalization for Mining in a Data Warehousing Environment.
1: Analysis of Gesture and Action in Technical Talks for Video Indexing.
1: Ad-hoc Top-k Query Answering for Data Streams.
1: Non-deterministic Modelling of Logical Queries in Deductive Databases.
1: Hybrid index structures for location-based web search.
1: Searching web databases by structuring keyword-based queries.
1: High-Level Navigational Facilities for Network and Relational Databases.
1: NonStop SQL: Scalability and Availability for Decision Support.
1: Negation as Failure for First-Order Queries.
1: Discovering Web Services: An Overview.
1: Block-quantized kernel matrix for fast spectral embedding.
1: A Fuzzy Beam-Search Rule Induction Algorithm.
1: k-nearest Neighbor Classification on Spatial Data Streams Using P-trees.
1: Design of flash-based DBMS: an in-page logging approach.
1: Exploiting sequential dependencies for expert finding.
1: XPath satisfiability in the presence of DTDs.
1: Database Integration in a Distributed Heterogeneous Database System.
1: Score standardization for inter-collection comparison of retrieval systems.
1: Output Ranking Methodology for Document-Clustering-Based Boolean Retrieval Systems.
1: Bridged Refinement for Transfer Learning.
1: Precomputation in a Complex Object Environment.
1: The XML Stream Query Processor SPEX.
1: Specialization of Recursive Predicates.
1: Representing Multiple Theories.
1: Technology Challenges in a Data Warehouse.
1: Hierarchical substring caching for efficient content distribution to low-bandwidth clients.
1: Ranked Subsequence Matching in Time-Series Databases.
1: Aggregating time partitions.
1: Combining email models for false positive reduction.
1: Object Skeletons: An Efficient Navigation Structure for Object-Oriented Database Systems.
1: A comparison of tight generalization error bounds.
1: Mining for proposal reviewers: lessons learned at the national science foundation.
1: Investigation and Reduction of Discretization Variance in Decision Tree Induction.
1: Cooperative Problem Solving Using Database Conversations.
1: Data mining techniques to improve forecast accuracy in airline business.
1: Unifying the error-correcting and output-code AdaBoost within the margin framework.
1: Phrase-based Document Similarity Based on an Index Graph Model.
1: Toward an Ecplanatory Similarity Measure for Nearest-Neighbor Classification.
1: Gaussian process classification for segmenting and annotating sequences.
1: Critical Database Technologies for High Energy Physics.
1: Consistency and Transactions in CAD Database.
1: Typed Query Languages for Databases Containing Queries.
1: Covering and Disjointness Constraints in Type Networks.
1: An Implementation Model for Reasoning with Complex Objects.
1: Making Logistic Regression a Core Data Mining Tool with TR-IRLS.
1: One Flavor Assumption and Gamma-Acyclicity for Universal Relation Views.
1: A bound on the label complexity of agnostic active learning.
1: Massively multi-query join processing in publish/subscribe systems.
1: Discovery of Ordinal Association Rules.
1: TAILOR, A Tool for Updating Views.
1: A Paradigm for Reasoning by Analogy.
1: Semantic technology applications for homeland security.
1: Rule Discovery in Large Time-Series Medical Databases.
1: Predictions and Challenges for Database Systems in the Year 2000.
1: Path Resolution with Link Deletion.
1: Information Retrieval Using a Hypertext-Based Help System.
1: Estimating the global pagerank of web communities.
1: Application of kernels to link analysis.
1: SPINE: Putting Backbone into String Indexing.
1: Messidor: A Distributed Information Retrieval Systems.
1: Hidden process models.
1: Mining rank-correlated sets of numerical attributes.
1: Automatic computation of semantic proximity using taxonomic knowledge.
1: Collaborative ordinal regression.
1: The SDSS skyserver: public access to the sloan digital sky server data.
1: A Queueing Network Model for a Distributed Database Testbed System.
1: Schema and Database Evolution in the O2 Object Database System.
1: MiniCount: Efficient Rewriting of COUNT-Queries Using Views.
1: Model-Based Mediation with Domain Maps.
1: TOP-COP: Mining TOP-K Strongly Correlated Pairs in Large Databases.
1: An Observation on Database Buffering Performance Metrics.
1: XML-based XML schema access.
1: An empirical analysis of sponsored search performance in search engine advertising.
1: An Approach for Building Secure Database Federations.
1: On the robustness of relevance measures with incomplete judgments.
1: Information retrieval and machine learning for probabilistic schema matching.
1: Algorithms and programming models for efficient representation of XML for Internet applications.
1: Weighted decomposition kernels.
1: Caprera: An Activity Framework for Transaction Processing on Wide-Area Networks.
1: A Unified Environment for Fusion of Information Retrieval Approaches.
1: Probabilistic document-context based relevance feedback with limited relevance judgments.
1: Formal Theories of Action (Preliminary Report).
1: Rotation invariant indexing of shapes and line drawings.
1: Scripts, Plans and Knowledge.
1: Semantical Considerations on Nonmonotonic Logic.
1: How to improve the pruning ability of dynamic metric access methods.
1: An Efficient Index Structure for Shift and Scale Invariant Search of Multi-Attribute Time Sequences.
1: Analysis of factoid questions for effective relation extraction.
1: A hit-miss model for duplicate detection in the WHO drug safety database.
1: Concurrent Operations in Extendible Hashing.
1: Semantic Complexity of Classes of Relational Queries and Query Independent Data Partitioning.
1: An unsupervised framework for extracting and normalizing product attributes from multiple web sites.
1: Learning predictive state representations using non-blind policies.
1: Discriminative cluster analysis.
1: Termination Analysis of OPS5 Expert Systems.
1: Creating social networks to improve peer-to-peer networking.
1: Expertise community detection.
1: Data Mining in the Bioinformatics Domain.
1: Epistemological Problems of Artificial Intelligence.
1: Using micro information units for internet search.
1: Similarity Based Retrieval of Videos.
1: Real-Time Transaction Scheduling: A Cost Conscious Approach.
1: Communication complexity as a lower bound for learning in games.
1: Mining the space of graph properties.
1: Local Cascade Generalization.
1: Linear Fitting with Missing Data: Applications to Structure-from-Motion and to Characterizing Intensity Images.
1: Cache-Aware Query Routing in a Cluster of Databases.
1: Approximately Processing Multi-granularity Aggregate Queries over Data Streams.
1: L/MRP: A Buffer Management Strategy for Interactive Continuous Data Flows in a Multimedia DBMS.
1: Transaction Support in a Log-Structured File System.
1: Functional and Inclusion Dependencies: A Graph Theoretic Approach.
1: A large-scale study of robots.txt.
1: Distributed Privacy Preserving Information Sharing.
1: Extending Logic Programming.
1: The Cost of Serializability on Platforms That Use Snapshot Isolation.
1: 50,000 Users on an Oracle8 Universal Server Database.
1: Integrated Information Retrieval for Law in a Hypertext Environment.
1: Minimax TD-Learning with Neural Nets in a Markov Game.
1: Pruning Social Networks Using Structural Properties and Descriptive Attributes.
1: Classification features for attack detection in collaborative recommender systems.
1: Representing documents with named entities for story link detection (SLD).
1: Multimodal oriented discriminant analysis.
1: Learning word normalization using word suffix and context from unlabeled data.
1: A generative probabilistic approach to visualizing sets of symbolic sequences.
1: Workload Balance and Page Access Scheduling For Parallel Joins In Shared-Nothing Systems.
1: A Modeling Study of the TPC-C Benchmark.
1: GhostDB: querying visible and hidden data without leaks.
1: A French Text Recognition Model for Information Retrieval System.
1: Modeling Time Aspects of Information Systems.
1: PERF Join: An Alternative to Two-way Semijoin and Bloomjoin.
1: Experience-efficient learning in associative bandit problems.
1: Multi-Table Search for B-Tree Files.
1: An Automated Change Detection Algorithm for HTML Documents Based on Semantic Hierarchies.
1: Overcoming the Brittleness Bottleneck using Wikipedia: Enhancing Text Categorization with Encyclopedic Knowledge.
1: Privacy preserving regression modelling via distributed computation.
1: Deep Store: an Archival Storage System Architecture.
1: An Incremental Hierarchical Data Clustering Algorithm Based on Gravity Theory.
1: Sonnet: an efficient distributed content-based dissemination broker.
1: A Design of a Distributed Full Text Retrieval System.
1: Using navigation Data to Improve IR functions in the Context of Web Search.
1: Retrieval-By-Unification Operation on a Relational Knowledge Base.
1: Example-Based Robust Outlier Detection in High Dimensional Datasets.
1: A Vertical Partitioning Algorithm for Relational Databases.
1: A framework for analysis of dynamic social networks.
1: Wrapper Generation via Grammar Induction.
1: Construction of Optimal Graphs for Bit-Vector Compression.
1: Improvement of HITS-based algorithms on web documents.
1: Scalable discovery of hidden emails from large folders.
1: On the role of tracking in stationary environments.
1: Synthesis by Completion.
1: Buffer Management in Distributed Database Systems: A Data Mining Based Approach.
1: Concept-based biomedical text retrieval.
1: Sailer: an effective search engine for unified retrieval of heterogeneous xml and web documents.
1: Incremental evaluation of a monotone XPath fragment.
1: A Lock Method for KBMSs Using Abstraction Relationships' Semantics.
1: MARS: A System for Publishing XML from Mixed and Redundant Storage.
1: Evolutionary Hot Spots Data Mining - An Architecture for Exploring for Interesting Discoveries.
1: Spatial Priority Search: An Access Technique for Scaleless Maps.
1: A Unified Framework for Monitoring Data Streams in Real Time.
1: Globetp: template-based database replication for scalable web applications.
1: Clustering and Singular Value Decomposition for Approximate Indexing in High Dimensional Spaces.
1: Graph model selection using maximum likelihood.
1: Single n-gram stemming.
1: A Generalization of Proximity Functions for K-Means.
1: Image collector III: a web image-gathering system with bag-of-keypoints.
1: Optimization of Queries using Nested Indices.
1: Simultaneous Prediction of Mulriple Chemical Parameters of River Water Quality with TILDE.
1: Querying XML using structures and keywords in timber.
1: Experimental perspectives on learning from imbalanced data.
1: Null space versus orthogonal linear discriminant analysis.
1: Prospector: A Content-Based Multimedia Server for Massively Parallel Architectures.
1: Hardware Acceleration in Commercial Databases: A Case Study of Spatial Operations.
1: A probabilistic graphical model for joint answer ranking in question answering.
1: Nonnegative matrix factorization via rank-one downdate.
1: Term Position Ranking: Some New Test Results.
1: Tuning of Search of the Problem Space for Geometry Proofs.
1: A Bayesian Approach to Imitation in Reinforcement Learning.
1: Two Views of Belief: Belief as Generalized Probability and Belief as Evidence.
1: NaLIX: an interactive natural language interface for querying XML.
1: Spatial Interest Pixels (SIPs): Useful Low-Level Features of Visual Media Data.
1: Multidimensional Timestamp Protocols for Concurrency Control.
1: Quadratically gated mixture of experts for incomplete data classification.
1: A Framework for the Management of Past Experiences with Time-Extended Situations.
1: Towards Optimal Indexing for Segment Databases.
1: Integrating Data from Disparate Sources: A Mass Collaboration Approach.
1: Semi-Supervised Learning with Explicit Misclassification Modeling.
1: Supervised Tensor Learning.
1: IDEA: Interactive Data Exploration and Analysis.
1: A dependence maximization view of clustering.
1: Manifold Clustering of Shapes.
1: The Unified Probabilistic Model for IR.
1: SEWeP: using site semantics and a taxonomy to enhance the Web personalization process.
1: Querying Office Systems About Document Roles.
1: Distributed Set Expression Cardinality Estimation.
1: The Fittest Survives: An Adaptive Approach to Query Optimization.
1: Query-preserving watermarking of relational databases and XML documents.
1: The liberal media and right-wing conspiracies: using cocitation information to estimate political orientation in web documents.
1: A maximum coherence model for dictionary-based cross-language information retrieval.
1: Topic segmentation of message hierarchies for indexing and navigation support.
1: Spectral Learning.
1: Good Worst-Case Algorithms for Inserting and Deleting Records in Dense Sequential Files.
1: The Extended Closed World Assumpution and its Relationship to Parallel Circumscription.
1: To personalize or not to personalize: modeling queries with variation in user intent.
1: A Platform Based on the Multi-dimensional Data Model for Analysis of Bio-Molecular Structures.
1: Rule Induction and Instance-Based Learning: A Unified Approach.
1: A Model for Adaptable Systems for Transaction Processing.
1: Probe, Cluster, and Discover: Focused Extraction of QA-Pagelets from the Deep Web.
1: Modeling Auction Price Uncertainty Using Boosting-based Conditional Density Estimation.
1: Using Sets of Feature Vectors for Similarity Search on Voxelized CAD Objects.
1: Retrieving Software Objects in an Example-Based Programming Environment.
1: Integrating Experimentation and Guidance in Relational Reinforcement Learning.
1: The Levelwise Version Space Algorithm and its Application to Molecular Fragment Finding.
1: Greedy by Choice.
1: Shape and albedo from multiple images using integrability.
1: A New Sense for Depth of Field.
1: Discovery of "Interesting" Data Dependencies from a Workload of SQL Statements.
1: Database Updates through Abduction.
1: Containment of Nested XML Queries.
1: Distributed Search over the Hidden Web: Hierarchical Database Sampling and Selection.
1: Polymorphic Reuse Mechanisms for Object-Oriented Database Specifications.
1: On Data Clustering Analysis: Scalability, Constraints, and Validation.
1: Learning to Explore and Build Maps.
1: Multi-Probe LSH: Efficient Indexing for High-Dimensional Similarity Search .
1: Multiversion Divergence Control of Time Fuzziness.
1: Array-Based Evaluation of Multi-Dimensional Queries in Object-Relational Databases Systems.
1: Distribution-Dependent Hashing Functions and Their Characteristics.
1: Enhanced Nested-Inherited Index for OODBMS.
1: Semi-Supervised Learning of Attribute-Value Pairs from Product Descriptions.
1: Bloom Filter-based XML Packets Filtering for Millions of Path Queries.
1: Linear Road: A Stream Data Management Benchmark.
1: Nestedness and segmented nestedness.
1: A Knowledge-Based Approach to Data Management for Intelligent User Interfaces.
1: Sorting, Grouping and Duplicate Elimination in the Advanced Information Management Prototype.
1: On the Complexity of Approximate Query Optimization.
1: How Things Appear to Work: Predicting Behaviors from Device Diagrams.
1: Multilevel Secure Database Concurrency Control.
1: PICASSO - An Aid to an End-User Facility.
1: Knowledge Preconditions for Actions and Plans.
1: Detecting semantic cloaking on the web.
1: Named graphs, provenance and trust.
1: Exploring Semantics in Aggregation Hierarchies for Object-Oriented Databases.
1: The Effectiveness of Query Expansion for Distributed Information Retrieval.
1: The rendezvous algorithm: multiclass semi-supervised learning with Markov random walks.
1: Higher order learning with graphs.
1: Learning probabilistic motion models for mobile robots.
1: Joint cluster analysis of attribute and relationship data withouta-priori specification of the number of clusters.
1: Supervised Wrapper Generation with Lixto.
1: Accessing a Relational Database through an Object-Oriented Database Interface.
1: Vision for a smart kiosk.
1: A New Statistical Approach to Personal Name Extraction.
1: DVIZ: A System for Visualizing Data Mining.
1: On the use of linear programming for unsupervised text classification.
1: Efficient Transaction Support for Dynamic Information Retrieval Systems.
1: Email data cleaning.
1: Issues in Classifier Evaluation using Optimal Cost Curves.
1: gApprox: Mining Frequent Approximate Patterns from a Massive Network.
1: Automatic Linking Of Thesauri.
1: Coarse Indices for a Tape-Based Data Warehouse.
1: Performance Evaluation of Functional Disk System (FDS-R2).
1: Totally corrective boosting algorithms that maximize the margin.
1: Inference-Security Analysis Using Resolution Theorem-Proving.
1: On Merging Partitioned Databases.
1: On the Relation between the Coherence and Foundations Theories of Belief Revision.
1: On a theory of learning with similarity functions.
1: Stochastic Service Guarantees for Continuous Data on Multi-Zone Disks.
1: An Investigation of Opportunistic Constraint Satisfaction in Space Planning.
1: XPathLearner: An On-line Self-Tuning Markov Histogram for XML Path Selectivity Estimation.
1: Estimating required recall for successful knowledge acquisition from the web.
1: Updating Databases in the Weak Instance Model.
1: Music structure based vector space retrieval.
1: Revision Sequences and Nested Conditionals.
1: Predicting the Generalization Performance of Cross Validatory Model Selection Criteria.
1: Involving Aggregate Functions in Multi-relational Search.
1: Informational Zooming: An Interaction Model for the Graphical Access to Text Knowledge Bases.
1: Semantics and Expressiveness Issues in Active Databases.
1: SIMS: Retrieving and Integrating Information From Multiple Sources.
1: The Bayesian backfitting relevance vector machine.
1: The Twin Grid File: A Nearly Space Optimal Index Structure.
1: Dynamic syslog mining for network failure monitoring.
1: Predictive automatic relevance determination by expectation propagation.
1: Query Selection Techniques for Efficient Crawling of Structured Web Sources.
1: An HDP-HMM for systems with state persistence.
1: Robust Clustering of Large Geo-referenced Data Sets.
1: A Retrospective View of the Hearsay-II Architecture.
1: Incorporating Hierarchy in a Relational Model of Data.
1: Optimizing Object-Oriented Datbase Queries using Cost-Controlled Rewriting.
1: Type Inference in the Polymorphic Relational Algebra.
1: A Toolkit for Constraint Management in Heterogeneous Information Systems.
1: Web-DL: an experience in building digital libraries from the web.
1: An Experimental Comparison of Supervised and Unsupervised Approaches to Text Summarization.
1: Semantics-Based Information Brokering.
1: Effective Learning in Dynamic Environments by Explicit Context Tracking.
1: Cache-Conscious Concurrency Control of Main-Memory Indexes on Shared-Memory Multiprocessor Systems.
1: An approach for implicitly detecting information needs.
1: Automatic Generation of Artistic Chinese Calligraphy.
1: An adaptive packed-memory array.
1: Monitoring Network Evolution using MDL.
1: CHICAGO: A Test and Evaluation Environment for Coarse-Grained Optimization.
1: Constructing and Querying Peer-to-Peer Warehouses of XML Resources.
1: A reliable storage management layer for distributed information retrieval systems.
1: Representation and Querying in Temporal Databases: the Power of Temporal Constraints.
1: Learning Explanation-Based Search Control Rules for Partial Order Planning.
1: To Encode or Not to Encode - Linear Planning.
1: A Utility-Theoretic Analysis of Expected Search Length.
1: A Normalization Method for Contextual Data: Experience from a Large-Scale Application.
1: Schema mapping verification: the spicy way.
1: A Monotonic Measure for Optimal Feature Selection.
1: Query based event extraction along a timeline.
1: Heuristic Algorithms for Automated Space Planning.
1: Dirichlet PageRank.
1: Diagnosis with Behavioral Modes.
1: Discovering Patterns in EEG-Signals: Comparative Study of a Few Methods.
1: A divide-and-merge methodology for clustering.
1: Buffer Management for Video Database Systems.
1: Fast High-Dimensional Data Search in Incomplete Databases.
1: Metrics for Finite Markov Decision Processes.
1: A Unified Mixture Framework for Motion Segmentation: Incorporating Spatial Coherence and Estimating the Number of Models.
1: From Natural Language Requirements to good Data Base Definitions - A Data Base Design Methodology.
1: Analyzing an Email Collection Using Formal Concept Analysis.
1: Searchers and Searchers: Differences between the Most and Least Consistent Searchers.
1: Ridge Regression Confidence Machine.
1: Semantic WS-agreement partner selection.
1: An Optimized Interaction Strategy for Bayesian Relevance Feedback.
1: What's really new on the web?: identifying new pages from a series of unstable web snapshots.
1: Learning approximate preconditions for methods in hierarchical plans.
1: Decision Tree Pruning: Biased or Optimal?
1: Applying Signatures for Forward Traversal Query Processing in Object-Oriented Databases.
1: Knowledge Discovery in Multi-label Phenotype Data.
1: The Utah Text Retrieval Project - A Status Report.
1: Optimal Termination Prococols for Network Partitioning.
1: Relational temporal difference learning.
1: The Double Life of the Transaction Abstraction: Fundamental Principle and Evolving System Concept.
1: Domain-Specific Keyphrase Extraction.
1: SVT: Schema Validation Tool for Microsoft SQL-Server.
1: The Constraint-Based Knowledge Broker System.
1: Learning the structure of Factored Markov Decision Processes in reinforcement learning problems.
1: SASH: A Self-Adaptive Histogram Set for Dynamically Changing Workloads.
1: Supporting Efficient Parametric Search of E-Commerce Data: A Loosely-Coupled Solution.
1: On the Semantics of Theory Change: Arbitration between Old and New Information.
1: Ready for Prime Time: Pre-Generation of Web Pages in TIScover.
1: Control Algorithm of the Walker Climbing Over Obstacles.
1: ESQL: A Query Language for the Relation Model Supporting Image Domains.
1: Reflective Programming in the Relational Algebra.
1: Hierarchical topic segmentation of websites.
1: Data and Knowledge Bases for Genome Mapping: What Lies Ahead? (Panel).
1: Class Probability Estimation and Cost-Sensitive Classification Decisions.
1: Efficient Discovery of Common Substructures in Macromolecules.
1: Event tracking based on domain dependency.
1: Comparing Representations in Chinese Information Retrieval.
1: Handling Temporal Grouping and Pattern-Matching Queries in a Temporal Object Model.
1: IR-Toolbox: an experiential learning tool for teaching IR.
1: Mining Lemma Disambiguation Rules from Czech Corpora.
1: Queries and Updates in the coDB Peer to Peer Database System.
1: A study of statistical models for query translation: finding a good unit of translation.
1: Checking Consistency of Database Constraints: a Logical Basis.
1: Direct convex relaxations of sparse SVM.
1: Minimum reference set based feature selection for small sample classifications.
1: An Analysis of Actor/Critic Algorithms Using Eligibility Traces: Reinforcement Learning with Imperfect Value Function.
1: An infrastructure for searching, reusing and evolving distributed ontologies.
1: Expanding the Utility of Semantic Networks Through Partitioning.
1: On the Semantics of Counterfactuals.
1: Distributing queries over low-power wireless sensor networks.
1: Semi-supervised classification with hybrid generative/discriminative methods.
1: VLEI code: An Efficient Labeling Method for Handling XML Documents in an RDB.
1: Data mining criteria for tree-based regression and classification.
1: Motion adaptive indexing for moving continual queries over moving objects.
1: Making the Most of What You've Got: Using Models and Data to Improve Learning Rate and Prediction Accuracy.
1: A Case-Based Approach to Knowledge Navigation.
1: Online Ensemble Learning: An Empirical Study.
1: Object Placement in Parallel Object-Oriented Database Systems.
1: A Directory Service for a Federation of CIM Databases with Migrating Objects.
1: Optimizing Queries with Universal Quantification in Object-Oriented and Object-Relational Databases.
1: Bottom-up learning of Markov logic network structure.
1: WikiRelate! Computing Semantic Relatedness Using Wikipedia.
1: Language-Independent Set Expansion of Named Entities Using the Web.
1: Novel view synthesis in tensor space.
1: A SQL: 1999 code generator for the pathfinder xquery compiler.
1: A Scalable Collaborative Filtering Framework Based on Co-Clustering.
1: Fast window correlations over uncooperative time series.
1: An Overview of Repository Technology.
1: PROXIMUS: a framework for analyzing very high dimensional discrete-attributed datasets.
1: FiST: Scalable XML Document Filtering by Sequencing Twig Patterns.
1: Explanation-based Generalization in a Logic- Programming Environment.
1: A Case Study of Venus and a Declarative Basis for Rule Modules.
1: The Webspace Method: On the Integration of Database Technology with Multimedia Retrieval.
1: Transactional Blackboards.
1: Noise-Tolerant Conceptual Clustering.
1: Dynamic Cluster Formation Using Level Set Methods.
1: Hits on the web: how does it compare?
1: An Experimental Analysis of Replicated Copy Control During Site Failure and Recovery.
1: A Database System for Real-Time Event Aggregation in Telecommunication.
1: Comments on Experiments with Retrieval of Legal Information in Full Text.
1: TORUS - A Natural Language Understanding System For Data Management.
1: Rpref: a generalization of Bpref towards graded relevance judgments.
1: Video Skimming and Characterization through the Combination of Image and Language Understanding Techniques.
1: Mining from open answers in questionnaire data.
1: Do not crawl in the DUST: different URLs with similar text.
1: Optimizing Query Evaluation in n-gram Indexing.
1: iRobot: an intelligent crawler for web forums.
1: Computing the Camera Heading from Multiple Frames.
1: Task orientation in question answering.
1: E-metrics: tomorrow's business metrics today (invited talk, abstract only).
1: Multi-valued Dependencies in the Presence of Lists.
1: Locking Performance in a Shared Nothing Parallel Database Machine.
1: Learning to Recognize Promoter Sequences in E. coli by Modeling Uncertainty in the Training Data.
1: Mining translations of OOV terms from the web through cross-lingual query expansion.
1: Online Latent Variable Detection in Sensor Networks.
1: Heuristic Search Theory: Survey of Recent Results.
1: Online Algorithms for Finding Profile Association Rules.
1: Modeling expert finding as an absorbing random walk.
1: Image similarity search with compact data structures.
1: High Performance SQL Through Low-Level System Integration.
1: Mixtures of hierarchical topics with Pachinko allocation.
1: Performance Evaluation of Rule Semantics in Active Databases.
1: Hierarchical Models for Screening of Iron Deficiency Anemia.
1: SQL to XQuery Translation in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
1: Learning cross-document structural relationships using boosting.
1: Detecting Link Spam Using Temporal Information.
1: An Analysis of Quantitative Measures Associated with Rules.
1: Improving text classification for oral history archives with temporal domain knowledge.
1: Incorporating constraints in probabilistic XML.
1: Improved Pairwise Coupling Classification with Correcting Classifiers.
1: Declustering Databases on Heterogeneous Disk Systems.
1: A probabilistic relevance propagation model for hypertext retrieval.
1: A Hybrid SSS*/Alpha-Beta Algorithm for Parallel Search of Game Trees.
1: SweetDeal: representing agent contracts with exceptions using XML rules, ontologies, and process descriptions.
1: Panoramic Image Acquisition.
1: Categorizing information objects from user access patterns.
1: Discriminative Clustering: Optimal Contingency Tables by Learning Metrics.
1: Declustering Spatial Databases on a Multi-Computer Architecture.
1: Using the Genetic Algorithm to Reduce the Size of a Nearest-Neighbor Classifier and to Select Relevant Attributes.
1: A Data Base Management System Design Philosophy.
1: XML Query Forms (XQForms): Declarative Specification of XML Query Interfaces
1: Hybrid huberized support vector machines for microarray classification.
1: A condensed representation to find frequent patterns.
1: A Study of Support Vectors on Model Independent Example Selection.
1: Mining distance-based outliers from large databases in any metric space.
1: Correctness in General Configurations of Transactional Components.
1: A causal approach to hierarchical decomposition of factored MDPs.
1: Dynamic index pruning for effective caching.
1: Learning user preferences for sets of objects.
1: Dynamic Query Optimization on a Distributed Object Management Platform.
1: On Tree-Based Techniques for Query Evaluation.
1: Architecture of a Networked Image Search and Retrieval System.
1: Bayesian compressive sensing and projection optimization.
1: Bottom-Up Induction of Oblivious Read-Once Decision Graphs: Strengths and Limitations.
1: Scalable hierarchical topic detection: exploring a sample based approach.
1: Parallelism in AI Programs.
1: Requirement-Based Data Cube Schema Design.
1: Understanding Neural Networks via Rule Extraction.
1: Checkpointing in Oracle.
1: Using Path Information for Query Processing in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
1: Cluster Based Core Vector Machine.
1: Modeling Uncertainties in Publish/Subscribe Systems.
1: Generating Linguistic Fuzzy Rules for Pattern Classification with Genetic Algorithms.
1: Tamper Detection in Audit Logs.
1: Object Projection Views in the Dynamic Relational Model.
1: "I wish I were over there": Distributed Execution Protocols for Data Definition in R*.
1: Extracting Objects from the Web.
1: Combining partitions by probabilistic label aggregation.
1: Content-Based Retrieval Using Heuristic Search.
1: InfoAnalyzer: a computer-aided tool for building enterprise taxonomies.
1: Parallel Execution of Test Runs for Database Application Systems.
1: Hubble: An Advanced Dynamic Folder Technology for XML.
1: Parametrized structure from motion for 3D adaptive feedback tracking of faces.
1: Automatic Heuristic Construction in a Complete General Game Player.
1: On Information-Theoretic Measures of Attribute Importance.
1: Active Customization of GIS User Interfaces.
1: Learning Effective Search Heuristics.
1: The COntext INterchange Mediator Prototype.
1: Mining dependency relations for query expansion in passage retrieval.
1: LEAP: A Learning Apprentice for VLSl Design.
1: Online mining of frequent query trees over XML data streams.
1: Using Abstract Models of Behaviours to Automatically Generate Reinforcement Learning Hierarchies.
1: Efficient Continuous Skyline Computation.
1: Quark: an efficient XQuery full-text implementation.
1: A Deferred Cleansing Method for RFID Data Analytics.
1: Protecting Sensitive Knowledge By Data Sanitization.
1: Verification-based Learning: A Generalized Strategy for Inferring Problem-Reduction Methods.
1: Collapsibility and Consistency in Quantified Constraint Satisfaction.
1: User Interfaces to Information Systems: Choices vs. Commands.
1: Netprobe: a fast and scalable system for fraud detection in online auction networks.
1: The IMPRESS DDT: A Database Design Toolbox Based on a Formal Specification Language.
1: An Access Structure for Generalized Transitive Closure Queries.
1: Eliciting Bid Taker Non-price Preferences in (Combinatorial) Auctions.
1: An Entity-Relationship Algebra.
1: Query Sampling in DB2 Universal Database.
1: The Gemini Replicated File System Test-bed.
1: The Jungle Database Search Engine.
1: Memex: A Browsing Assistant for Collaborative Archiving and Mining of Surf Trails.
1: The FERET Evaluation Methodology for Face-Recognition Algorithms.
1: Dynamic Load Balancing for Parallel Association Rule Mining on Heterogenous PC Cluster Systems.
1: Information Mining Platforms: An Infrastructure for KDD Rapid Deployment.
1: Learning from Order Examples.
1: A Parser for a Speech Understanding System.
1: Machine Learning and Vectorial Matching for an Image Retrieval Model: EXPRIM and the System RIVAGE.
1: Efficient Variants of Huffman Codes in High Level Languages.
1: Some Issues in Design of Distributed Deductive Databases.
1: Action-Rules: How to Increase Profit of a Company.
1: Algorithms for discovering bucket orders from data.
1: Incremental Discovering Association Rules: A Concept Lattice Approach.
1: Lazy Induction of Descriptions for Relational Case-Based Learning.
1: Supporting Universal Quantification in a Two-Dimensional Database Query Language.
1: Mixtures of ARMA Models for Model-Based Time Series Clustering.
1: AQuery: Query Language for Ordered Data, Optimization Techniques, and Experiments.
1: Patching Proofs for Reuse (Extended Abstract).
1: Construction of a Dynamic Thesaurus and its Use for Associated Information Retrieval.
1: Negation and Minimality in Non-Horn Databases.
1: Discovering Roll-Up Dependencies.
1: Conflict Resolution of Rules Assigning Values to Virtual Attributes.
1: Supporting entity search: a large-scale prototype search engine.
1: Criticism, Culture, and the Automatic Generation of Artworks.
1: Qualitative Reasoning about Physical Processes.
1: Basic issues on the processing of web queries.
1: AniPQO: Almost Non-intrusive Parametric Query Optimization for Nonlinear Cost Functions.
1: Relational joins on graphics processors.
1: Learning to Classify Texts Using Positive and Unlabeled Data.
1: Automatic identification of best entry points for focused structured document retrieval.
1: Language Decisions Made While Designing an Interactive Information Retrieval System.
1: SSDT: A Scalable Subspace-Splitting Classifier for Biased Data.
1: Automatic Data Transformation and Restructuring.
1: Evaluating relevant in context: document retrieval with a twist.
1: PLANNER: A Language for Proving Theorems in Robots.
1: Applying collaborative filtering techniques to movie search for better ranking and browsing.
1: MRSSA: an iterative algorithm for similarity spreading over interrelated objects.
1: Combining Multiple Clustering Systems.
1: Iterative RELIEF for feature weighting.
1: Towards systematic design of distance functions for data mining applications.
1: A Logical Framework for Scheduling Workflows under Resource Allocation Constraints.
1: Near-optimal algorithms for shared filter evaluation in data stream systems.
1: Recognition of polyhedrons with a range finder.
1: Bagging in Computer Vision.
1: Outline of a Knowledge Base Model for an Intelligent Information Retrieval System.
1: The Efficient Computation of Strong Partial Transitive-Closures.
1: Web-assisted annotation, semantic indexing and search of television and radio news.
1: Maximally informative k-itemsets and their efficient discovery.
1: Deconstructing nuggets: the stability and reliability of complex question answering evaluation.
1: Why You Should Run TPC-DS: A Workload Analysis.
1: Contour map matching for event detection in sensor networks.
1: Making Use of the Most Expressive Jumping Emerging Patterns for Classification.
1: A critical examination of TDT's cost function.
1: Partitioning a Relational Database Horizontally Using a Knowledge-Based Approach.
1: Identifying ambiguous queries in web search.
1: Race: finding and ranking compact connected trees for keyword proximity search over xml documents.
1: The Completeness of a Natural System for Reasoning with Time Intervals.
1: System Issues in Parallel Sorting for Database Systems.
1: Discovering frequent topological structures from graph datasets.
1: Scalable Exploration of Physical Database Design.
1: Applying Objective Interestingness Measures in Data Mining Systems.
1: A Method for Optimization of a Conceptual Model.
1: XMLTM: efficient transaction management for XML documents.
1: Parallel Algorithms for High-dimensional Similarity Joins for Data Mining Applications.
1: Text classification, business intelligence, and interactivity: automating C-Sat analysis for services industry.
1: A Host-Parasite Genetic Algorithm for Asymmetric Tasks.
1: Theoretical Foundations of Schema Restructuring in Heterogeneous Multidatabase Systems.
1: Augmenting semantic web service descriptions with compositional specification.
1: Tractable Average-Case Analysis of Naive Bayesian Classifiers.
1: Scaling multi-class support vector machines using inter-class confusion.
1: Iterated DFT Based Techniques for Join Size Estimation.
1: Repair Strategies in a Diagnostic Expert System.
1: FAS - A Freshness-Sensitive Coordination Middleware for a Cluster of OLAP Components.
1: A Multi-Similarity Algebra.
1: Evaluating a Visualisation of Image Similarity (poster abstract).
1: Applying an Update Method to a Set of Receivers.
1: Complexity Aspects of Various Semantics for Disjunctive Databases.
1: A Transportable Natural Language Database Update System.
1: Privacy, accuracy, and consistency too: a holistic solution to contingency table release.
1: Knowledge discovery in patent databases.
1: Extensible schema documentation with XSLT 2.0.
1: Self-Managing Technology in Database Management Systems.
1: An industrial-strength content-based music recommendation system.
1: Adaptive Information Extraction from Text by Rule Induction and Generalisation.
1: A Statistical Model for Scientific Readability.
1: Duplicate Removal in Information System Dissemination.
1: Implicit Ordering of Defaults in Inheritance Systems.
1: Global Data Analysis and the Fragmentation Problem in Decision Tree Induction.
1: Logical Calculi for Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
1: Entity-Relationship Approach to the Conceptual Schema Design.
1: Declarative Network Monitoring with an Underprovisioned Query Processor.
1: Feature Selection with Selective Sampling.
1: Rotation invariant distance measures for trajectories.
1: DiscoverInfo: a tool for discovering information with relevance and novelty.
1: Feature Selection Using Rough Sets Theory.
1: Composing Real-Time Systems.
1: DaNaLIX: a domain-adaptive natural language interface for querying XML.
1: A Dual Space Representation for Geometric Data.
1: Extendible Hashing for Concurrent Operations and Distributed Data.
1: Novelty and diversity in information retrieval evaluation.
1: Using Information Content to Evaluate Semantic Similarity in a Taxonomy.
1: Automatic construction of known-item finding test beds.
1: Effectiveness of Information Extraction, Multi-Relational, and Semi-Supervised Learning for Predicting Functional Properties of Genes.
1: Fast Planning Through Planning Graph Analysis.
1: Clustered Partial Linear Regression.
1: Lazy XML Updates: Laziness as a Virtue of Update and Structural Join Efficiency.
1: TRAC: Toward Recency and Consistency Reporting in a Database with Distributed Data Sources.
1: Managing Distributed Memory to Meet Multiclass Workload Response Time Goals.
1: Effective and efficient classification on a search-engine model.
1: Most likely heteroscedastic Gaussian process regression.
1: A Framework for Comparison of Update Semantics.
1: ShreX: Managing XML Documents in Relational Databases.
1: Dynamic Content Acceleration: A Caching Solution to Enable Scalable Dynamic Web Page Generation.
1: A general framework for accurate and fast regression by data summarization in random decision trees.
1: User interface effects in past batch versus user experiments.
1: Efficient indexing and querying of XML data using modified Prfer sequences.
1: C-Cubing: Efficient Computation of Closed Cubes by Aggregation-Based Checking.
1: Approximate Selection Queries over Imprecise Data.
1: Semantic Dictionary Design for Database Interoperability.
1: PROW: A Step Toward Automatic Program Writing.
1: Combining Case-Based and Rule-Based Reasoning: A Heuristic Approach.
1: Decomposition Techniques for Planning in Stochastic Domains.
1: Efficient mining of weighted association rules (WAR).
1: Merging distributed database summaries.
1: MARS: A Retrieval Tool on the Basis of Morphological Analysis.
1: On the Implementation of Some Models of Document Retrieval.
1: Bulk Operations for Space-Partitioning Trees.
1: Making mind and machine meet: a study of combining cognitive and algorithmic relevance feedback.
1: A Comparison of Novel and State-of-the-Art Polynomial Bayesian Network Learning Algorithms.
1: Web taxonomy integration through co-bootstrapping.
1: Wait Depth Limited Concurrency Control.
1: Cost Evaluation of Directory Management Schemes for Distributed Database Systems.
1: Generalized clustering, supervised learning, and data assignment.
1: Things That Change by Themselves.
1: To buy or not to buy: mining airfare data to minimize ticket purchase price.
1: Evaluation of an Expert System for Searching in Full Text.
1: Predictive Text Compression by Hashing.
1: A Causal Theory of Ramifications and Qualifications.
1: Kernelizing PLS, degrees of freedom, and efficient model selection.
1: Distributed XML Stream Filtering System with High Scalability.
1: Empirical studies in strategies for Arabic retrieval.
1: AND Parallelism in Logic Programs.
1: Computing Circumscription.
1: Micro and Macro Statistical/Scientific Database Management.
1: Evaluation in (XML) information retrieval: expected precision-recall with user modelling (EPRUM).
1: Distributed Computation of Web Queries Using Automata.
1: Making the Pyramid Technique Robust to Query Types and Workloads.
1: Invisible participants: how cultural capital relates to lurking behavior.
1: Exploiting Background Knowledge for Knowledge-Intensive Subgroup Discovery.
1: Approximate quantiles and the order of the stream.
1: Generalized LARS as an effective feature selection tool for text classification with SVMs.
1: Numerical document queries.
1: Issues in the Architecture of a Document Archiver using Optical Disk Technology.
1: Mining images on semantics via statistical learning.
1: Hierarchical Explanation-Based Reinforcement Learning.
1: Efficient Mining of High Branching Factor Attribute Trees.
1: On Effective Conceptual Indexing and Similarity Search in Text Data.
1: Self-Managing Technology in IBM DB2 Universal Database.
1: Declarative Specification of Web Applications exploiting Web Services and Workflows.
1: TIP: A Temporal Extension to Informix.
1: Recognizing Intended Meaning and Speakers' Plans.
1: Rough Sets and Information Retrieval.
1: Odysseus: A High-Performance ORDBMS Tightly-Coupled with IR Features.
1: Unifying SAT-based and Graph-based Planning.
1: OCTOPUS: aggressive search of multi-modality data using multifaceted knowledge base.
1: An Adaptive Hybrid Server Architecture for Client Caching ODBMSs.
1: CellSort: High Performance Sorting on the Cell Processor.
1: A Comparison of Query Translation Methods for English-Japanese Cross-Language Information Retrieval (poster abstract).
1: Database Support for Knowledge-Based Image Evaluation.
1: Algebraic Signatures for Scalable Distributed Data Structures.
1: Design and Implementation of GORDION, an Object Base Management System.
1: Locality Sensitive Discriminant Analysis.
1: Consistency-preserving caching of dynamic database content.
1: Processing Object-Oriented Queries with Invertible Late Bound Functions.
1: A Model-Theoretic Counterpart of Loop Formulas.
1: A Probabilistic Learning Method for XML Annotation of Documents.
1: Securing XML data in third-party distribution systems.
1: Connections between Mining Frequent Itemsets and Learning Generative Models.
1: An incremental XSLT transformation processor for XML document manipulation.
1: Some Measures and Procedures for Evaluation of the User Interface in an Information Retrieval System.
1: A Novelty Detection Approach to Classification.
1: Scale-Space Filtering.
1: Updating a cracked database.
1: Efficient Inverted Lists and Query Algorithms for Structured Value Ranking in Update-Intensive Relational Databases.
1: ORIGAMI: Mining Representative Orthogonal Graph Patterns.
1: Maintaining Coherency of Dynamic Data in Cooperating Repositories.
1: Characterization of a simple case of the reassignment of document identifiers as a pattern sequencing problem.
1: Object Versioning in Ode.
1: A Supra-Classifier Architecture for Scalable Knowledge Reuse.
1: Type Derivation Using the Projection Operation.
1: Improving Preemptive Prioritization via Statistical Characterization of OLTP Locking.
1: A Brief Overview of LILOG-DB.
1: An information-theoretic measure for document similarity.
1: Semi-Join Algorithms for Multiprocessor Systems.
1: A combined approach to checking web ontologies.
1: A Parallel Strategy for Transitive Closure usind Double Hash-Based Clustering.
1: Entire regularization paths for graph data.
1: Compiling a Rule Database Program into a C/SQL Application.
1: Optimization of a Hierarchical File Organization for Spelling Correction.
1: A Representation For Robot Plans.
1: MultiStage Cascading of Multiple Classifiers: One Man's Noise is Another Man's Data.
1: A framework for coordinated multi-modal browsing with multiple clients.
1: Tools for View Generation in Object-Oriented Databases.
1: On the Lower Bound of Local Optimums in K-Means Algorithm.
1: Ordering Problem Subgoals.
1: Efficient Web form entry on PDAs.
1: A Model for Learning Systems.
1: On Reducing Classifier Granularity in Mining Concept-Drifting Data Streams.
1: Linear Approximation of Planar Spatial Databases Using Transitive-Closure Logic.
1: Exploiting duality in summarization with deterministic guarantees.
1: The complexity of query containment in expressive fragments of XPath 2.0.
1: A simple and efficient sampling method for estimating AP and NDCG.
1: Axiomatization of Dynamic Schema Evolution in Objectbases.
1: Learning class-discriminative dynamic Bayesian networks.
1: Extracting key-substring-group features for text classification.
1: TOSS: An Extension of TAX with Ontologies and Similarity Queries.
1: Bootstrapping dictionaries for cross-language information retrieval.
1: Exploratory Under-Sampling for Class-Imbalance Learning.
1: CSRL: A Language for Expert Systems for Diagnosis.
1: Relational lenses: a language for updatable views.
1: UniSQL/X Unified Relational and Object-Oriented Database System.
1: Clustering based large margin classification: a scalable approach using SOCP formulation.
1: Reasoning About Approximate Match Query Results.
1: Shape from Texture.
1: ADA/SQL: A Standard, Portable ADA-DBMS Interface.
1: Generating an informative cover for association rules.
1: Converting on-line bilingual dictionaries from human-readable to machine-readable form.
1: Redundant feature elimination for multi-class problems.
1: Ongoing management and application of discovered knowledge in a large regulatory organization: a case study of the use and impact of NASD Regulation's Advanced Detection System (RADS).
1: Efficient Processing of Proximity Queries for Large Databases.
1: DefScriber: a hybrid system for definitional QA.
1: Learning deterministic regular expressions for the inference of schemas from XML data.
1: Architecture of Oracle Parallel Server.
1: Is GUI Programming a Database Research Problem?
1: Ranking a stream of news.
1: Mining citizen science data to predict orevalence of wild bird species.
1: BEA Liquid Data for WebLogic: XML-Based Enterprise Information Integration.
1: Interactive Information Retrieval Systems: From User Centred Interface Design to Software Design.
1: Two-Phase Commit Optimizations and Tradeoffs in the Commercial Environment.
1: Internet scale string attribute publish/subscribe data networks.
1: Some Relations Between Predicate Calculus and Semantic Net Representations of Discourse.
1: Cooperative Scans: Dynamic Bandwidth Sharing in a DBMS.
1: W3QS - A System for WWW Querying.
1: Learning Classification with Both Labeled and Unlabeled Data.
1: Debugging OWL ontologies.
1: The CVS Algorithm for View Synchronization in Evolvable Large-Scale Information Systems.
1: A Formal Model for User Preference.
1: Learning by Discovering Macros in Puzzle Solving.
1: Trees, Automata and XML.
1: Context-Aware Wrapping: Synchronized Data Extraction.
1: Relational Algebras, Logic, and Functional Programming.
1: Approximate Dimension Equalization in Vector-based Information Retrieval.
1: Retroactive answering of search queries.
1: Sampling from large graphs.
1: A Method for Scoring Correlated Features in Query Expansion.
1: ARCCHNID: Adaptive Retrieval Agents Choosing Heuristic Neighborhoods.
1: Fast particle smoothing: if I had a million particles.
1: Adapting a Data Organization to the Structure of Stored Information.
1: Relational Database Compression Using Augmented Vector Quantization.
1: The effectiveness study of various music information retrieval approaches.
1: Effective Change Detection Using Sampling.
1: A Multi-Backend Database System for Performance Gains, Capacity Growth and Hardware Upgrade.
1: Non-Binary Independence Model.
1: Sequence Mining in Categorical Domains: Incorporating Constraints.
1: Approximate Inverse Frequent Itemset Mining: Privacy, Complexity, and Approximation.
1: Automating the Detection of Snapshot Isolation Anomalies.
1: Extensible optimization in overlay dissemination trees.
1: Combining greyvalue invariants with local constraints for object recognition.
1: Topic segmentation with shared topic detection and alignment of multiple documents.
1: On Multi-Class Cost-Sensitive Learning.
1: An information theoretic analysis of maximum likelihood mixture estimation for exponential families.
1: The Manger's Assistant, an Application of Knowledge Management.
1: A maximal figure-of-merit learning approach to text categorization.
1: Relaxed Multi-Way Trees with Group Updates.
1: Adding Time and Intervals to Procedural and Hierarchical Control Specifications.
1: Building Bilingual Dictionaries from Parallel Web Documents.
1: On the Comparison of Theories: Preferring the Most Specific Explanation.
1: Approximation Algorithms for Temporal Reasoning.
1: Discovery of Interesting Association Rules from Livelink Web Log Data.
1: Local Expert Autoassociators for Anomaly Detection.
1: Laplacian optimal design for image retrieval.
1: Experimental comparisons of online and batch versions of bagging and boosting.
1: A Declarative Approach to Active Databases.
1: The Document Management Component of a Multimedia Data Model.
1: Opinion integration through semi-supervised topic modeling.
1: PAC Learning with Constant-Partition Classification Noise and Applications to Decision Tree Induction.
1: Towards Building a MetaQuerier: Extracting and Matching Web Query Interfaces.
1: Addressing the lack of direct translation resources for cross-language retrieval.
1: A Common Framework for Curve Evolution, Segmentation and Anisotropic Diffusio.
1: Dynamic, real-time forecasting of online auctions via functional models.
1: Vulnerabilities in similarity search based systems.
1: On Mining General Temporal Association Rules in a Publication Database.
1: A New Scheme on Privacy Preserving Association Rule Mining.
1: New d-separation identification results for learning continuous latent variable models.
1: A Denotational Definition of the Semantics of DRC, A Domain Relational Calculus.
1: Parsimonious relevance models.
1: SQL Query Optimization: Reordering for a General Class of Queries.
1: Data Clustering with a Relational Push-Pull Model.
1: Parallel Processing of Recursive Queries in Distributed Architectures.
1: Wake-on-WLAN.
1: A comparative study on classifying the functions of web page blocks.
1: The User's Mental Model of an Information Retrieval System.
1: An assessment of tag presentation techniques.
1: CRYSTAL: Inducing a Conceptual Dictionary.
1: Local Hoare reasoning about DOM.
1: Automatic record linkage using seeded nearest neighbour and support vector machine classification.
1: Learning Blocking Schemes for Record Linkage.
1: Random web crawls.
1: Semint: A System Prototype for Semantic Integration in Heterogeneous Databases.
1: Deriving wishlists from blogs show us your blog, and we'll tell you what books to buy.
1: Data Compression Techniques for Economic Processing of Large Commercial Files.
1: The Architecture of Coherent Information System: A General Problem Solving System.
1: Design of a Browsing Interface for Information Retrieval.
1: Using collaborative queries to improve retrieval for difficult topics.
1: An Integrated Real-Time Locking Protocol.
1: On the value of pairwise constraints in classification and consistency.
1: Data Mining Using Dynamically Constructed Recurrent Fuzzy Neural Networks.
1: Modular Acyclicity and Tail Recursion in Logic Programs.
1: Incorporation of Relevance Feedback into Boolean Retrieval System.
1: Value Propagation in Object-Oriented Database Part Hierarchies.
1: Incorporating Different Search Models into One Document Retrieval System.
1: Concurrency Control Using Locking with Deferred Blocking.
1: Data integration through transform reuse in the Morpheus project.
1: Extracting Keyphrases to Represent Relations in Social Networks from Web.
1: Utile Distinctions for Relational Reinforcement Learning.
1: Magnitude-preserving ranking algorithms.
1: The Reuse and Modification of Rulebases by Predicate Substituation.
1: On the decidability and finite controllability of query processing in databases with incomplete information.
1: A Nonparametric Approach to Noisy and Costly Optimization.
1: Achieving High Availability in Distributed Databases.
1: A Statistical Theory for Quantitative Association Rules.
1: A System for Watermarking Relational Databases.
1: DBNotes: a post-it system for relational databases based on provenance.
1: The BEA AquaLogic data services platform (Demo).
1: Quantitative Evaluation of Design Tradeoffs in File Systems.
1: Independent subspace analysis using geodesic spanning trees.
1: Structures for Manipulating Proposed Updates in Object-Oriented Databases.
1: Garbage Collection in Object Oriented Databases Using Transactional Cyclic Reference Counting.
1: Scheduling of Page Fetches in Join Operations Using Bc-Trees.
1: Analysis of recursive feature elimination methods.
1: Rotation Invariant Neural Network-Based Face Detection.
1: Extending Object-Oriented Concepts to Support Engineering Applications.
1: Law Discovery using Neural Networks.
1: Evaluation by comparing result sets in context.
1: Agent-based semantic web services.
1: Making Argumentation More Believable.
1: Evaluating the novelty of text-mined rules using lexical knowledge.
1: Reformulating Query Plans for Multidatabase Systems.
1: An iterative hypothesis-testing strategy for pattern discovery.
1: Discovery and Application of Check Constraints in DB2.
1: A Multidimensional Digital Hashing Scheme for Files With Composite Keys.
1: Webpage understanding: an integrated approach.
1: Analyzing client interactivity in streaming media.
1: Data Mining Techniques.
1: Fast Recursive Formulations for Best-First Search That Allow Controlled Use of Memory.
1: The Origin of the Binary-Search Paradigm.
1: Recursive Strategies for Answering Recursive Queries - The RQA/FQI Strategy.
1: Extracting a website's content structure from its link structure.
1: Key semantics extraction by dependency tree mining.
1: Transaction Timestamping in (Temporal) Databases.
1: The Design and Implementation of a Parallel Join Algorithm for Nested Relations on Shared-Memory Multiprocessors.
1: Schema merging and mapping creation for relational sources.
1: Failure Handling for Transaction Hierarchies.
1: Knowledge modeling and its application in life sciences: a tale of two ontologies.
1: A New Compression Method with Fast Searching on Large Databases.
1: Determining Beneficial Semijoins for a Join Sequence in Distributed Query Processing.
1: The ScratchPad: sensemaking support for the web.
1: Feature Engineering and Classifier Selection: A Case Study in Venusian Volcano Detection.
1: Interactive learning of mappings from visual percepts to actions.
1: A Polymorphic Relational Algebra and Its Optimization.
1: Conspiracy Numbers and Caching for Searching And/Or Trees and Theorem-Proving.
1: Hierarchical text summarization for WAP-enabled mobile devices.
1: Community discovery and analysis in blogspace.
1: Finding Candidate Keys for Relational Data Bases.
1: SPIN: searching personal information networks.
1: Percentile Finding Algorithm for Multiple Sorted Runs.
1: l-Diversity: Privacy Beyond k-Anonymity.
1: Error Propagation in Distributed Databases.
1: Approximation Techniques for Indexing the Earth Mover's Distance in Multimedia Databases.
1: Fine grained access control for SOAP E-services.
1: An Improved Categorization of Classifier's Sensitivity on Sample Selection Bias.
1: Design of a Low Cost, General Purpose Robot.
1: Localized Prediction of Continuous Target Variables Using Hierarchical Clustering.
1: Lazy Bayesian Rules: A Lazy Semi-Naive Bayesian Learning Technique Competitive to Boosting Decision Trees.
1: Revisiting redundancy and minimization in an XPath fragment.
1: Applying Approximate Order Dependency to Reduce Indexing Space.
1: Query-Sensitive Similarity Measures for the Calculation of Interdocument Relationships.
1: Enhancing patent retrieval by citation analysis.
1: Document Retrieval Facilities for Repository-Based System Development Environments.
1: Cantina: a content-based approach to detecting phishing web sites.
1: HYDRO: A Heterogeneous Distributed Database System.
1: Mining Optimized Gain Rules for Numeric Attributes.
1: Compiling XSLT 2.0 into XQuery 1.0.
1: GYO Reductions, Canonical Connections, Tree and Cyclic Schemas and Tree Projections.
1: Mining Significant Pairs of Patterns from Graph Structures with Class Labels.
1: Viewing Morphology as an Inference Process.
1: A Border-Based Approach for Hiding Sensitive Frequent Itemsets.
1: Aggregate Processing of Planar Points.
1: Studying the Behavior of Generalized Entropy in Induction Trees Using a M-of-N Concept.
1: Automatic client-server partitioning of data-driven web applications.
1: Optimistic Active-Learning Using Mutual Information.
1: Information flow modeling based on diffusion rate for prediction and ranking.
1: Energy-efficient monitoring of extreme values in sensor networks.
1: Bootstrapping pay-as-you-go data integration systems.
1: Information Retrieval in Files Described Using Sets.
1: A Privacy-Preserving Index for Range Queries.
1: Error analysis of difficult TREC topics.
1: Bayes and Pseudo-Bayes Estimates of Conditional Probabilities and Their Reliability.
1: Mining Image Features for Efficient Query Processing.
1: Learning Rules for Anomaly Detection of Hostile Network Traffic.
1: Querying Weak Instances.
1: On Biased Reservoir Sampling in the Presence of Stream Evolution.
1: Redescription Mining: Structure Theory and Algorithms.
1: Show me the money!: deriving the pricing power of product features by mining consumer reviews.
1: Visually Aided Exploration of Interesting Association Rules.
1: Constructing Conceptual Scales in Formal Analysis.
1: Meta-data version and configuration management in multi-vendor environments.
1: Principles of hash-based text retrieval.
1: Distributed query evaluation with performance guarantees.
1: Unsupervised question answering data acquisition from local corpora.
1: An XML transaction processing benchmark.
1: REED: Robust, Efficient Filtering and Event Detection in Sensor Networks.
1: Multiple Query Optimization with Depth-First Branch-and-Bound and Dynamic Query Ordering.
1: Local sparsity control for naive Bayes with extreme misclassification costs.
1: Multi-Image Focus of Attention for Rapid Site Model Construction.
1: Distributed File Organization with Scalable Cost/Performance.
1: Information extraction from Wikipedia: moving down the long tail.
1: Using Model Theory to Specify AI Programs.
1: BIRN-M: A Semantic Mediator for Solving Real-World Neuroscience Problems.
1: A Dynamic Hash File for Random and Sequential Accessing.
1: Composite events for xml.
1: Usefulness of hyperlink structure for query-biased topic distillation.
1: A search engine for historical manuscript images.
1: Simple, Robust and Highly Concurrent B-trees with Node Deletion.
1: Temporal Reasoning Involving Counterfactuals and Disjunctions.
1: The Relational Model of Data and Cylindrial Algebras.
1: Materialized View Selection for Multi-Cube Data Models.
1: A new Mallows distance based metric for comparing clusterings.
1: Normalizing Incomplete Databases.
1: Map adaptation for users of mobile systems.
1: LabFlow-1: A Database Benchmark for High-Throughput Workflow Management.
1: Progress Report on Project Information Bridge.
1: Bayesian regression with input noise for high dimensional data.
1: IDLOG: Extending the Expressive Power of Deductive Database Languages.
1: Adaptive Self-tuning Memory in DB2.
1: On The Satisfiability of Dependency Constraints in Entity-Relationship Schemata.
1: Access control for XML: a dynamic query rewriting approach.
1: A Task-Independent Experience-Gathering Scheme for a Problem Solver.
1: Evaluating window joins over punctuated streams.
1: Making Object-Oriented Schemas More Expressive.
1: An efficient and accurate method for evaluating time series similarity.
1: Incremental Encoding of Multiple Inheritance Hierarchies.
1: A Framework for Using Materialized XPath Views in XML Query Processing.
1: Non-Redundant Data Clustering.
1: Block Addressing Indices for Approximate Text Retrieval.
1: Cancellation in a Parallel Semantic Network.
1: Treatment of Missing Values for Association Rules.
1: A fast algorithm for finding frequent episodes in event streams.
1: A Procedure for the Determination of Attribute Access Probabilities.
1: Using Information-Theoretic Measures to Assess Association Rule Interestingness.
1: Query Processing in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
1: A Divide and Conquer Approach to Learning from Prior Knowledge.
1: The Principle of Commitment Ordering, or Guaranteeing Serializability in a Heterogeneous Environment of Multiple Autonomous Resource Mangers Using Atomic Commitment.
1: Evaluation of phrasal query suggestions.
1: Extended Gloss Overlaps as a Measure of Semantic Relatedness.
1: Proving Ownership over Categorical Data.
1: Panoramic mosaics by manifold projection.
1: Model-averaged latent semantic indexing.
1: Ranking opinionated blog posts using OpinionFinder.
1: An objective evaluation criterion for clustering.
1: A Join-Less Approach for Co-Location Pattern Mining: A Summary of Results.
1: Fixed Length Semiorder Preserving Code for Field Level Data File Compression.
1: Performance Evaluation of Ephemeral Logging.
1: Probabilistic multimedia retrieval.
1: Divide and Conquer in Multi-Agent Planning.
1: Supporting federated information sharing communities.
1: Personal DJ, an architecture for personalised content delivery.
1: The Impact of Changing Populations on Classifier Performance.
1: Discovering the best web service.
1: Large scale genomic sequence SVM classifiers.
1: Mining Weighted Association Rules for Fuzzy Quantitative Items.
1: Dimension induced clustering.
1: Load Management and High Availability in the Medusa Distributed Stream Processing System.
1: Implementing physical hyperlinks using ubiquitous identifier resolution.
1: Towards task-based personal information management evaluations.
1: Updating collection representations for federated search.
1: Informality in Program Specifications.
1: Characterising the difference.
1: Sentence Disambiguation by a Shift-Reduce Parsing Technique.
1: Computing Queries from Derived Relations.
1: An Extensible Framework for Data Cleaning.
1: Frequent-subsequence-based prediction of outer membrane proteins.
1: Querying Complex Structured Databases.
1: Towards a Formal Approach for Object Database Design.
1: Supervised Latent Semantic Indexing for Document Categorization.
1: Learning the unified kernel machines for classification.
1: Interactive Internet Search through Automatic Clustering (poster abstract): an empirical study.
1: Augmenting Concept Languages by Transitive Closure of Roles: An Alternative to Terminological Cycles.
1: Query-based monitoring of BPEL business processes.
1: Is Distributed Locking Harder?
1: Continuous-Time Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
1: Operator placement for in-network stream query processing.
1: Temporal Database Modeling: An Object-Oriented Approach.
1: Multi-Relational Data Mining, Using UML for ILP.
1: FIX: Feature-based Indexing Technique for XML Documents.
1: ATM SCheduling with Queuing Dely Predictions.
1: Density Connected Clustering with Local Subspace Preferences.
1: Polyglot: Extensions to Relational Databases for Sharable Types and Functions in a Multi-Language Environment.
1: Periodic Retrieval of Videos from Disk Arrays.
1: On Closed Constrained Frequent Pattern Mining.
1: Frequent subgraph mining in outerplanar graphs.
1: Convex Hull Ensemble Machine.
1: Discovering Context in a Conceptual Schema.
1: Ontologies Improve Text Document Clustering.
1: An Index Implementation Supporting Fast Recovery for the POSTGRES Storage System.
1: Topic modeling with network regularization.
1: A maximum entropy approach to species distribution modeling.
1: FOCUS: Searching for Multi-colored Objects in a Diverse Image Database.
1: Learning Schemata for Natural Language Processing.
1: A Heterogeneous Field Matching Method for Record Linkage.
1: Hypothesis of Simplicity in Pattern Recognition.
1: A Conceptual Model for Dynamic Clustering in Object Databases.
1: Zoomed Ranking: Selection of Classification Algorithms Based on Relevant Performance Information.
1: ERkNN: efficient reverse k-nearest neighbors retrieval with local kNN-distance estimation.
1: Extending Relational Database Systems to Automatically Enforce Privacy Policies.
1: Image Modeling Using Tree Structured Conditional Random Fields.
1: Mining Generalized Graph Patterns Based on User Examples.
1: Interactive exploration of very large relational datasets through 3D dynamic projections.
1: Metrics on Terms and Clauses.
1: Discriminative Training of Markov Logic Networks.
1: Semantic search via XML fragments: a high-precision approach to IR.
1: Recent Developments in Text Summarization.
1: A Study of the Overlap Among Document Representations.
1: A genetic approach for random testing of database systems.
1: Phase Transitions and Stochastic Local Search in k-Term DNF Learning.
1: Extended Boolean Retrieval: A Heuristic Approach?
1: Multiclass reduced-set support vector machines.
1: Universal Relation Views: A Pragmatic Approach.
1: Negotiation and Task Sharing Among Autonomous Agents in Cooperative Domains.
1: A study of methods for normalizing user ratings in collaborative filtering.
1: Expertise modeling for matching papers with reviewers.
1: The Effect of Buffering on the Performance of R-Trees.
1: Mining quantitative correlated patterns using an information-theoretic approach.
1: Automatic Information Extraction from Web Pages.
1: Representation and Use of Explicit Justifications for Knowledge Base Refinements.
1: A Framework for Learning Rules from Multiple Instance Data.
1: Deadlock Detection and Resolution in a CODASYL Based Data Management System.
1: Independent Database Schemes under Functional and Inclusion Dependencies.
1: Boosting Noisy Data.
1: Multivalued Dependencies with Null Values in Relational Data Bases.
1: Extraction and search of chemical formulae in text documents on the web.
1: Petabyte Databases.
1: Transposition Algorithms on Very Large Compressed Databases.
1: A Multi-Group Technique for Data Compression.
1: State-based Classification of Finger Gestures from Electromyographic Signals.
1: Parallel Control Techniques for Dedicated Relational Database Engines.
1: Relational sequential inference with reliable observations.
1: Data-Mining Massive Time Series Astronomical Data Sets - A Case Study.
1: Interactive methods for taxonomy editing and validation.
1: Information Retrieval Using a Transportable Natural Language Interface.
1: A Buffer Management Model For Use In Predicting Overall Database System Performance.
1: Analyzing feature generation for value-function approximation.
1: Bloomy Decision Tree for Multi-objective Classification.
1: Extended Commitment Ordering or Guaranteeing Global Serializability by Applying Commitment Order Selectivity to Global Transactions.
1: Visualization of Communication Patterns in Collaborative Innovation Networks - Analysis of Some W3C Working Groups.
1: A Tightly-Coupled Architecture for Data Mining.
1: Value Added Association Rules.
1: Analysis of communication models in web service compositions.
1: Retrieval Performance Versus Disc Space Utilization on WORM Optical Discs.
1: XPath filename expansion in a Unix shell.
1: Managing Derived Data in the Gaea Scientific DBMS.
1: An Explanation-based Approach to Generalizing Number.
1: Object-Oriented Extensions in SQL3: A Status Report.
1: On the Correctness of Representing Extended Entity-Relationship Structures in the Relational Model.
1: Suppressing model overfitting in mining concept-drifting data streams.
1: STRG-Index: Spatio-Temporal Region Graph Indexing for Large Video Databases.
1: Sonar-Based Mapping of Large-Scale Mobile Robot Environments using EM.
1: Enhancing the lift under budget constraints: an application in the mutual fund industry.
1: Parsimonious concept modeling.
1: An Approach to Object Sharing in Distributed Datbase Systems.
1: A Generalized Transitive Closure for Relational Queries.
1: Is question answering an acquired skill?
1: SERF: integrating human recommendations with search.
1: A joint framework for collaborative and content filtering.
1: Machine Learning Techniques to Make Computers Easier to Use.
1: Using and Refining Simplifications: Explanation-Based Learning of Plans in Intractable Domains.
1: Enabling Sovereign Information Sharing Using Web Services.
1: Using Structural and Functional Information in Diagnostic Design.
1: I/O-Conscious Data Preparation for Large-Scale Web Search Engines.
1: A Computer Model of Child Language Learning.
1: Three-Valued Formalization of Logic Programming: Is It Needed?
1: Constraint-Based Reasoning in Deductive Databases.
1: Advances in Phonetic Word Spotting.
1: Active and Accelerated Learning of Cost Models for Optimizing Scientific Applications.
1: Peculiarity Oriented Mining and Its Application for Knowledge Discovery in Amino-Acid Data.
1: Effective missing data prediction for collaborative filtering.
1: Meta-patterns: Revealing Hidden Periodic Patterns.
1: Leveraging collective knowledge.
1: Improving Data Quality: Consistency and Accuracy.
1: On the Consistency of Information Filters for Lazy Learning Algorithms.
1: Comparison of using passages and documents for blind relevance feedback in information retrieval.
1: A practical system of keyphrase extraction for web pages.
1: Practical semantic analysis of web sites and documents.
1: Update Exchange with Mappings and Provenance.
1: A Faster Algorithm for Constructing Minimal Perfect Hash Functions.
1: Affective feedback: an investigation into the role of emotions in the information seeking process.
1: Distributed/Heterogeneous Query Processing in Microsoft SQL Server.
1: DVSS: A Distributed Version Storage Server for CAD Applications.
1: Compare&contrast: using the web to discover comparable cases for news stories.
1: Efficient decision tree construction on streaming data.
1: Structure from Motion Without Correspondence: General Principle.
1: Co-EM support vector learning.
1: Towards a Cooperative Transaction Model - The Cooperative Activity Model.
1: Prioritized Goal Decomposition of Markov Decision Processes: Toward a Synthesis of Classical and Decision Theoretic Planning.
1: Searching in time.
1: A Perspective on Databases and Data Mining.
1: Facetnet: a framework for analyzing communities and their evolutions in dynamic networks.
1: A Uniform Framework for Integrating Knowledge in Heterogeneous Knowledge Systems.
1: Querying for meta knowledge.
1: A Network Organization Used for Document Retrieval.
1: Datadict - A Data Analysis and Logical Database Design Tool.
1: Skew handling techniques in sort-merge join.
1: A Logic Programming and Verification System for Recursive Quantificational Logic.
1: The Ins and Outs (and Everthing in Between) of Data Warehousing.
1: Unity: relevance feedback using user query logs.
1: Distributed Representations in a Text Based Information Retrieval System: A New Way of Using the Vector Space Model.
1: The Persistent Cache: Improving OID Indexing in Temporal Object-Oriented Database Systems.
1: A Cost-effective Near-line Storage Server for Multimedia System.
1: Efficient Stereo with Multiple Windowing.
1: An Advanced Database System ADAM - Towards Integrated Management of Engineering Data.
1: A Competition-Based Connectionist Model for Information Retrieval Using a Merged Thesaurus.
1: Obtaining Surface Orientation from Texels under Perspective Projection.
1: Time, Relevance and Interaction Modelling for Information Retrieval.
1: Kernelizing the output of tree-based methods.
1: Similarity Search: A Matching Based Approach.
1: Efficient Searching with Linear Constraints.
1: Efficient AUC Optimization for Classification.
1: Incremental Maintenance of Schema-Restructuring Views.
1: Provenance in databases.
1: P2Cast: peer-to-peer patching scheme for VoD service.
1: On reducing redundancy and improving efficiency of XML labeling schemes.
1: The Stanford Hand-Eye Project.
1: Defeating script injection attacks with browser-enforced embedded policies.
1: A Domain-theoretic Approach to Integrating Functional and Logic Database Languages.
1: Batched Processing for Information Filters.
1: Early Profile Pruning on XML-aware Publish/Subscribe Systems.
1: Using History Information to Process Delayed Database Updates.
1: Searching for Historical Word-Forms in a Database of 17th-Century English Text Using Spelling-Correction Methods.
1: Simulating Creativity in Jazz Performance.
1: Personalization from incomplete data: what you don't know can hurt.
1: Finding similar files in large document repositories.
1: Probabilistic Message Passing in Peer Data Management Systems.
1: Data currency in replicated DHTs.
1: Sybase Replication Server.
1: Limiting Disclosure in Hippocratic Databases.
1: Regularized clustering for documents.
1: A Sound and Complete Query Evaluation Algorithm for Relational Databases with Null Values.
1: Filtering algorithms for information retrieval models with named attributes and proximity operators.
1: Geographic information retrieval (GIR): searching where and what.
1: Model Switching for Bayesian Classification Trees with Soft Splits.
1: Linearizing the Directory Growth in Order Preserving Extendible Hashing.
1: Feature Selection Algorithms: A Survey and Experimental Evaluation.
1: Unifying the Processing of XML Streams and Relational Data Streams.
1: On Feature Selection through Clustering.
1: Efficient Processing of Top-k Dominating Queries on Multi-Dimensional Data.
1: Integrating Hidden Markov Models and Spectral Analysis for Sensory Time Series Clustering.
1: The Distributed Interoperable Object Model and Its Application to Large-scale Interoperable Database Systems.
1: Collaborative prediction using ensembles of Maximum Margin Matrix Factorizations.
1: LINDA: A System for Loosely Integrated Databases.
1: Definition and Application of Metaclasses in an Object-Oriented Database Model.
1: NeuroLinear: A System for Extracting Oblique Decision Rules from Neural Networks.
1: Processing content-oriented XPath queries.
1: Safe data sharing and data dissemination on smart devices.
1: A hierarchical method for multi-class support vector machines.
1: On the Existence of Fixed Points for Q-Learning and Sarsa in Partially Observable Domains.
1: SLPMiner: An Algorithm for Finding Frequent Sequential Patterns Using Length-Decreasing Support Constraint.
1: Derived Data Update in Semantic Databases.
1: A General Solution to the Graph History Interaction Problem.
1: An Experimental Investigation of Graph Kernels on a Collaborative Recommendation Task.
1: Efficient Skyline Computation over Low-Cardinality Domains.
1: RE-Tree: An Efficient Index Structure for Regular Expressions.
1: HPRL: A Language for Building Expert Systems.
1: Building Robust Learning Systems by Combining Induction and Optimization.
1: Relaxing the Universal Relation Scheme Assumption.
1: On the Complexity of Equivalence between Recursive and Nonrecursive Datalog Programs.
1: DataScope: Viewing Database Contents in Google Maps' Way.
1: Reinforcement Learning Algorithms for Average-Payoff Markovian Decision Processes.
1: Using Speculation to Reduce Server Load and Service Time on the WWW.
1: Adaptive, Hands-Off Stream Mining.
1: Ad Hoc Association Rule Mining as SQL3 Queries.
1: An Approach to Eliminate Transaction Blocking in Locking Protocols.
1: Duce, An Oracle-based Approach to Constructive Induction.
1: Do summaries help?
1: Relational link-based ranking.
1: Ensuring Transaction Atomicity in Multidatabase Systems.
1: Semi-Automatic Schema Integration in Clio.
1: Fast and Exact Out-of-Core K-Means Clustering.
1: A Source-to-Source Meta-Translation System for Relational Query Languages.
1: Polynomial Time Matching Algorithms for Tree-Like Structured Patterns in Knowledge Discovery.
1: State of the Art in Workflow Management Research and Products.
1: Planning in an Expert System for Automated Information Retrieval.
1: An Approximate Search Engine for Structural Databases.
1: eMailSift: Email Classification Based on Structure and Content.
1: A brain computer interface with online feedback based on magnetoencephalography.
1: Shading Into Texture.
1: Keyphrase Extraction Using Semantic Networks Structure Analysis.
1: Learning One More Thing.
1: Point-Versus Interval-Based Temporal Data Models.
1: Detecting Duplicates in Complex XML Data.
1: Transductive Confidence Machines for Pattern Recognition.
1: A General Method for Spatial Reasoning in Spatial Databases.
1: XML screamer: an integrated approach to high performance XML parsing, validation and deserialization.
1: A Buffering Strategy to Avoid Ordering Effects in Clustering.
1: Minimum Enclosing Spheres Formulations for Support Vector Ordinal Regression.
1: Automated Accompaniment of Musical Ensembles.
1: Explorations in the use of semantic web technologies for product information management.
1: Descriptive Induction through Subgroup Discovery: A Case Study in a Medical Domain.
1: Toward Learning Based Web Query Processing.
1: Hidden Naive Bayes.
1: Document Clustering and Cluster Topic Extraction in Multilingual Corpora.
1: A new approach to data driven clustering.
1: On Biases in Estimating Multi-Valued Attributes.
1: Experiments with B-Tree Reorganization.
1: A Logical Approach to Multidimensional Databases.
1: Efficiently Mining Frequent Closed Partial Orders.
1: Unweaving a web of documents.
1: Automated Discovery of Rules and Exeptions from Distributed Databases Using Aggregates.
1: The Interaction with Incomplete Knowledge Bases: A Formal Treatment.
1: The Document Concept in a Data Base.
1: Annotation propagation revisited for key preserving views.
1: Query suggestion based on user landing pages.
1: Using Non-Linear Dynamical Systems for Web Searching and Ranking.
1: Question classification with log-linear models.
1: Modeling High-Dimensional Index Structures using Sampling.
1: Looping suffix tree-based inference of partially observable hidden state.
1: Learning to Fly: An Application of Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
1: Abduction with Bounded Treewidth: From Theoretical Tractability to Practically Efficient Computation.
1: Latent Dirichlet Co-Clustering.
1: Sound and Efficient Inference with Probabilistic and Deterministic Dependencies.
1: Using Rule Sets to Maximize ROC Performance.
1: Using Multiversion Data for Non-interfering Execution of Write-only Transactions.
1: Queries Are Easier Than You Thought (Probably).
1: Safe Referential Structures in Relational Databases.
1: Comparative Simulation.
1: Rule Based Updates on Simple Knowledge Bases.
1: Retrieval of Relational Structures for Image Sequence Analysis.
1: Translating Aggregate Queries into Iterative Programs.
1: Are Window Queries Representative for Arbitrary Range Queries?
1: BuzzRank ... and the trend is your friend.
1: The Partial Normalized Storage Model of Nested Relations.
1: DIANE: an integrated approach to automated service discovery, matchmaking and composition.
1: Compressed permuterm index.
1: Analyzing Quantitative Databases: Image is Everything.
1: Distance-function design and fusion for sequence data.
1: A cautious surfer for PageRank.
1: Representative Association Rules and Minimum Condition Maximum Consequence Association Rules.
1: Scalable sequential pattern mining for biological sequences.
1: Performance of Data-Parallel Spatial Operations.
1: Layered Concept-Learning and Dynamically Variable Bias Management.
1: On the Intrinsic Reconstruction of Shape from its Symmetries.
1: Completeness Results for Recursive Data Bases.
1: Local Blur Estimation and Super-Resolution.
1: Predicate-based Filtering of XPath Expressions.
1: Mining Generalized Association Rules.
1: Building Text Classifiers Using Positive and Unlabeled Examples.
1: Learning in Natural Language.
1: Generalized Bottom-Up Query Evaluation.
1: Mixed concurrency control: Dealing with heterogeneity in distributed database systems.
1: On the Expressive Power of the Logical Data Model (Preliminary Report).
1: Automatic Topic Identification Using Webpage Clustering.
1: Mixed Mode XML Query Processing.
1: Proving the Impossible is Impossible is Possible: Disproofs Based on Hereditary Partitions.
1: Process-Oriented Estimation of Generalization Error.
1: Challenges in running a commercial search engine.
1: Constraint-Based Query Optimization for Spatial Databases.
1: Case Structure Systems.
1: Pattern Recognition by an Artificial Tactile Sense.
1: Experience from a Real Life Query Optimizer.
1: EXPRESS: An Experimental Interface for Factual Information Retrieval.
1: Indexing XML Data Stored in a Relational Database.
1: Operations and the Properties on Non-First-Normal-Form Relational Databases.
1: Semantic Concurrency Control in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
1: Paid placement strategies for internet search engines.
1: Querying TSQL2 Databases with Temporal Logic.
1: Formal multiple-bernoulli models for language modeling.
1: A Comparative Study of RNN for Outlier Detection in Data Mining.
1: Discovering Admissible Model Equations from Observed Data Based on Scale-Types and Identity Constrains.
1: Transaction Atomicity in the Presence of Network Partitions.
1: Relational Reinforcement Learning.
1: Analyses of Multiple-Evidence Combinations for Retrieval Strategies.
1: Using and Re-Using Partial Plans.
1: Extension to C-means Algorithm for the Use of Similarity Functions.
1: Multi-task text segmentation and alignment based on weighted mutual information.
1: Performance of Complex Queries in Main Memory Database Systems.
1: General MC: Estimating Boundary of Positive Class from Small Positive Data.
1: Dimensionality Reduction through Sub-space Mapping for Nearest Neighbor Algorithms.
1: Index compression is good, especially for random access.
1: Dealing with Temporal Schema Anomalies in History Databases.
1: A Goal-Directed Intermediate Level Executive for Image Interpretation.
1: On Processing XML in LDAP.
1: Dependable Computing in Virtual Laboratories.
1: Inspector Joins.
1: Association Analysis with One Scan of Databases.
1: Concise descriptions of subsets of structured sets.
1: Score region algebra: building a transparent XML-R database.
1: TD(lambda) networks: temporal-difference networks with eligibility traces.
1: Circle Graphs: New Visualization Tools for Text-Mining.
1: The chatty web: emergent semantics through gossiping.
1: Reviving Partial Order Planning.
1: Learning Probabilistic Models for Decision-Theoretic Navigation of Mobile Robots.
1: Locking Policies in Distributed Databases.
1: Customizable Parallel Execution of Scientific Stream Queries.
1: Is Combining Classifiers Better than Selecting the Best One.
1: User Performance Considerations in DBMS Selection.
1: Incorporating Functional Dependencies in Deductive Query Answering.
1: Visualization and interactive feature selection for unsupervised data.
1: Multi-View Clustering.
1: Forensic analysis of database tampering.
1: An Implementation for Nested Relational Databases.
1: SOCQET: Semantic OLAP with Compressed Cube and Summarization.
1: Name-It: Association of Face and Name in Video.
1: Deterministic Semantics of Set-Oriented Update Sequences.
1: A New and Versatile Method for Association Generation.
1: Instance Pruning as an Information Preserving Problem.
1: Probabilistic Search Term Weighting-Some Negative Results.
1: A Procedural Logic.
1: RDF Aggregate Queries and Views.
1: Intelligent Monitoring and Control.
1: Choices in Practical Data Design.
1: FLUX: fuzzy content and structure matching of XML range queries.
1: A Term Weighting Model Based on Utility Theory.
1: Applying data mining in investigating money laundering crimes.
1: Speculative Markov Blanket Discovery for Optimal Feature Selection.
1: Randomizing, A Practical Method for Protecting Statistical Databases Against Compromise.
1: Nave filterbots for robust cold-start recommendations.
1: Pragmatic text mining: minimizing human effort to quantify many issues in call logs.
1: Mining scale-free networks using geodesic clustering.
1: Hidden Markov models for automatic annotation and content-based retrieval of images and video.
1: Dex: high-performance exploration on large graphs for information retrieval.
1: Semantic Smoothing for Model-based Document Clustering.
1: Personal information management with SEMEX.
1: How to Share Work on Shared Objects in Design Databases.
1: Modeling and Combining Evidence Provided by Document Relationships Using Probabilistic Argumentation Systems.
1: Efficient lazy elimination for averaged one-dependence estimators.
1: Concepts for Graph-Oriented Object Manipulation.
1: Experimental result analysis for a generative probabilistic image retrieval model.
1: Semantic similarity over the gene ontology: family correlation and selecting disjunctive ancestors.
1: Context sensitive stemming for web search.
1: Text classification from positive and unlabeled documents.
1: Extending Q-Grams to Estimate Selectivity of String Matching with Low Edit Distance.
1: A system for query-specific document summarization.
1: Probabilistic Combination of Content and Links.
1: Relative Unsupervised Discretization for Association Rule Mining.
1: Using retrieval measures to assess similarity in mining dynamic web clickstreams.
1: Validity and power of t-test for comparing MAP and GMAP.
1: On optimal service selection.
1: k-Means Projective Clustering.
1: Visualization support for a user-centered KDD process.
1: Neighborhood restrictions in geographic IR.
1: Tolerating Bounded Inconsistency for Increasing Concurrency in Database Systems.
1: Combining Features for Content-Based Sketch Retrieval - A Comparative Evaluation of Retrieval Performance.
1: A dual coordinate descent method for large-scale linear SVM.
1: DLFM: A Transactional Resource Manager.
1: When the Best Move Isn't Optimal: Q-learning with Exploration.
1: Automatic Data Fusion with HumMer.
1: Elicitations During Information Retrieval: Implications for IR System Design.
1: Ranking by community relevance.
1: Analyzing feature trajectories for event detection.
1: On Correctness of Non-serializable Executions.
1: MAIDS: Mining Alarming Incidents from Data Streams.
1: Comments-oriented blog summarization by sentence extraction.
1: LoT: Dynamic Declustering of TSB-Tree Nodes for Parallel Access to Temporal Data.
1: Towards tight bounds for rule learning.
1: Information Retrieval Theory and Design Based on a Model of the User's Concept Relations.
1: Integrating a Part Relationship Into an Open OODB System Using Metaclasses.
1: Text Compression Using Prediction.
1: IDA: An Intelligent Data Access Program.
1: Term-Ordered Query Evaluation versus Document-Ordered Query Evaluation for Large Document Databases.
1: Distributed Evaluation of Continuous Equi-join Queries over Large Structured Overlay Networks.
1: Data Compression in Oracle.
1: Deadlock Detection Algorithms in Distributed Database Systems.
1: Pruning Redundant Association Rules Using Maximum Entropy Principle.
1: Cryptographically private support vector machines.
1: Interactive Visualization in Mining Large Decision Trees.
1: Extending Dependencies with Conditions.
1: On the Nature and Function of Explanation in Intelligent Information Retrieval.
1: Where Do We Go From Here?
1: Generalized hypertree decompositions: np-hardness and tractable variants.
1: Serialization Graph Algorithms for Multiversion Concurrency Control.
1: Integrating Text Planning and Production in Generation.
1: CSV: visualizing and mining cohesive subgraphs.
1: On Retrieval Tests with an Inhomogeneous Query Collection.
1: Finding tribes: identifying close-knit individuals from employment patterns.
1: Efficient Processing of Expressive Node-Selecting Queries on XML Data in Secondary Storage: A Tree Automata-based Approach.
1: An Intelligent Information Dictionary for Semantic Manipulation of Relational Databases.
1: Efficient integration and aggregation of historical information.
1: A comparative web browser (CWB) for browsing and comparing web pages.
1: Sequential update of ADtrees.
1: The Miro DBMS.
1: Coordinating backup/recovery and data consistency between database and file systems.
1: A visualisation tool for topic tracking analysis and development.
1: Separating Semantics from Representation in a Temporal Object Database Domain.
1: Improving Text Classification by Using Encyclopedia Knowledge.
1: Class-Driven Statistical Discretization of Continuous Attributes (Extended Abstract).
1: Wave-Indices: Indexing Evolving Databases.
1: Cooperative caching by mobile clients in push-based information systems.
1: Sequential cost-sensitive decision making with reinforcement learning.
1: Generic Topic Segmentation of Document Texts.
1: aAqua: a database-backended multilingual, multimedia community forum.
1: Thinksheet: A Tool for Tailoring Complex Documents.
1: Semantic Data Engineering for Generalized Databases.
1: From statistical knowledge bases to degrees of belief: an overview.
1: NEOMYCIN: Reconfiguring a Rule-Based Expert System for Application to Teaching.
1: A Periodic Deadlock Detection and Resolution Algorithm with a New Graph Model for Sequential Transaction Processing.
1: Failure detection and localization in component based systems by online tracking.
1: Achieving Class-Based QoS for Transactional Workloads.
1: A Protein Patent Query System Powered By Kleisli.
1: NILE-PDT: A Phenomenon Detection and Tracking Framework for Data Stream Management Systems.
1: A Computational Model for Causal and Diagnostic Reasoning in Inference Systems.
1: Oracle Media Server: Providing Consumer Based Interactive Access to Multimedia Data.
1: Value-Based Notification Conditions in Large-Scale Publish/Subscribe Systems.
1: PIVOT and UNPIVOT: Optimization and Execution Strategies in an RDBMS.
1: Efficient query processing in geographic web search engines.
1: Recognition and classification of noun phrases in queries for effective retrieval.
1: On the Complexity of Commit Protocols.
1: Genome scale prediction of protein functional class from sequence using data mining.
1: Dealing with Predictive-but-Unpredictable Attributes in Noisy Data Sources.
1: Convergence of Gradient Dynamics with a Variable Learning Rate.
1: Coupling of FDBS and WfMS for Integrating Database and Application Systems: Architecture, Complexity, Performance.
1: Probabilistic modeling of transaction data with applications to profiling, visualization, and prediction.
1: Query-by-Example: the Invocation and Definition of Tables and Forms.
1: Materializing views with minimal size to answer queries.
1: Localizing Policy Gradient Estimates to Action Transition.
1: Explanation-Based Learning and Reinforcement Learning: A Unified View.
1: Robustness Analyses of Instance-Based Collaborative Recommendation.
1: How to Wring a Table Dry: Entropy Compression of Relations and Querying of Compressed Relations.
1: Embedded Join Dependencies as a Tool for Decomposing Full Join Dependencies.
1: MORE: An Intelligent Knowledge Acquisition Tool.
1: The effect of OCR errors on stylistic text classification.
1: A Decidable First-Order Logic for Knowledge Representation.
1: PageSim: a novel link-based measure of web page aimilarity.
1: Using EM to Learn 3D Models of Indoor Environments with Mobile Robots.
1: Combining Winnow and Orthogonal Sparse Bigrams for Incremental Spam Filtering.
1: A Performance Evaluation of Multi-Level Transaction Management.
1: A Representation for Complex Physical Domains.
1: Case-Based Acquisition of User Preferences for Solution Improvement in Ill-Structured Domains.
1: Hyperplane margin classifiers on the multinomial manifold.
1: Chinese Text Retrieval Without Using a Dictionary.
1: Scalable association-based text classification.
1: Merging trees: file system and content integration.
1: Approaches for Updating Databases With Incomplete Information and Nulls.
1: Efficient data reduction with EASE.
1: An Exact Probability Model for Finite Hash Tables.
1: Static approximation of dynamically generated Web pages.
1: A Transaction Replication Scheme for a Replicated Database with Node Autonomy.
1: Algebraic Techniques for Analysis of Large Discrete-Valued Datasets.
1: Learning through Changes: An Empirical Study of Dynamic Behaviors of Probability Estimation Trees.
1: Factorizing Complex Predicates in Queries to Exploit Indexes.
1: Discovery of Similarity Computations of Search Engines.
1: A search-based Chinese word segmentation method.
1: Feature selection in unsupervised learning via evolutionary search.
1: A Distributed Query Processing Strategy Using Decomposition, Pipelining and Intermediate Result Sharing Techniques.
1: Evaluating the Size of Queries on Relational Databases with non Uniform Distribution and Stochastic Dependence.
1: Statistical properties of community structure in large social and information networks.
1: Automatically Extracting Features for Concept Learning from the Web.
1: Organizing structured web sources by query schemas: a clustering approach.
1: Computer Perception of Complex Patterns.
1: RDF: A Density-Based Outlier Detection Method using Vertical Data Representation.
1: Composite-Object Views in Relational DBMS: An Implementation Perspective.
1: Correlating XML data streams using tree-edit distance embeddings.
1: Using Event Segmentation to Improve Indexing of Consumer Photographs.
1: Regression error characteristic surfaces.
1: Statistical Learning Techniques for Costing XML Queries.
1: Fast range-summable random variables for efficient aggregate estimation.
1: A Fast Algorithm for Density-Based Clustering in Large Database.
1: An Image Retrieval Model Based on Classical Logic.
1: Video retrieval using an MPEG-7 based inference network.
1: DANIEL: Integrating Case-Based and Rule-Based Reasoning in Law.
1: A Framework for Semi-Supervised Learning Based on Subjective and Objective Clustering Criteria.
1: Evaluating sampling methods for uncooperative collections.
1: An interactive algorithm for asking and incorporating feature feedback into support vector machines.
1: Online B-tree Merging.
1: An Expected-Cost Analysis of Backtracking and Non-Backtracking Algorithms.
1: Unapparent information revelation: a concept chain graph approach.
1: Detecting changes in large data sets of payment card data: a case study.
1: A Logical Approach to Reasoning by Analogy.
1: Reasoning about Temporal Relations: A Maximal Tractable Subclass of Allen's Interval Algebra.
1: Distributed Query Processing Strategies in Mermaid, A Frontend to Data Management Systems.
1: Video Information Contents and Architecture.
1: Measuring ineffectiveness.
1: SM3: A Dynamically Partitionable Multicomputer System with Switchable Main Memory Modules.
1: An Efficient Framework for Order Optimization.
1: What's hot and what's not: tracking most frequent items dynamically.
1: Cost-Based Optimization of Decision Support Queries Using Transient Views.
1: On interactive visualization of high-dimensional data using the hyperbolic plane.
1: Automatic labeling of multinomial topic models.
1: Adaptive Caching for Continuous Queries.
1: An Evaluation Scheme for Database Management Systems that are claimed to be Relational.
1: A new two-phase sampling based algorithm for discovering association rules.
1: Simpler knowledge-based support vector machines.
1: Rough-Set Inspired Approach to Knowledge Discovery in Business Databases.
1: An Evaluation Method for Stemming Algorithms.
1: Temporal Classification of Natural Gesture and Application to Video Coding.
1: Performance Evaluation of Grid Based Multi-Attibute Record Declustering Methods.
1: Database Requirements of Knowledge-based Production Scheduling and Control: A CIM Perspective.
1: Relative Unsupervised Discretization for Regresseion Problems.
1: Database issues for the 21st century.
1: Mining Complex Time-Series Data by Learning Markovian Models.
1: Discovering the set of fundamental rule changes.
1: S-ToPSS: Semantic Toronto Publish/Subscribe System.
1: Optimal top-down join enumeration.
1: Discovering Procedural Executions of Rule-Based Programs.
1: The Nimble Integration Engine.
1: SPIDER: a Schema mapPIng DEbuggeR.
1: Grammatical Relations as the Basis for Natural Language Parsing and Text Understanding.
1: XKvalidator: a constraint validator for XML.
1: Highly distributed XQuery with DXQ.
1: Relaxed-currency serializability for middle-tier caching and replication.
1: A Machine Learning Approach to Rapid Development of XML Mapping Queries.
1: Developing learning strategies for topic-based summarization.
1: Rewriting nested XML queries using nested views.
1: Parallelism in Object-Oriented Query Processing.
1: Solving a Huge Number of Similar Tasks: A Combination of Multi-Task Learning and a Hierarchical Bayesian Approach.
1: Storage Management for Knowledge Bases.
1: What is a light source?
1: Distributed Web Mining Using Bayesian Networks from Multiple Data Streams.
1: Discovery of Decision Rules from Databases: An Evolutionary Approach.
1: End-biased Samples for Join Cardinality Estimation.
1: Two-variable logic on data trees and XML reasoning.
1: Multikey Access Methods Based on Term Discrimination and Signature Clustering.
1: Design Overview of the Aditi Deductive Database System.
1: Improving Text Classification using Local Latent Semantic Indexing.
1: Evaluation of Remote Backup Algorithms for Transaction Processing Systems.
1: Choosing Directions for Rules.
1: Detecting Redundant Tuples During Query Evaluation.
1: WebQuilt: a framework for capturing and visualizing the web experience.
1: A Correspondence Theory for Terminological Logics: Preliminary Report.
1: The BT-tree: A Branched and Temporal Access Method.
1: Selecting Expansion Terms in Automatic Query Expansion.
1: Community Learning by Graph Approximation.
1: Semantic Overlay Networks.
1: A Comparison of Regression, Neural Net, and Pattern Recognition Approaches to IR.
1: Text Document Categorization by Term Association.
